Chapter 2278: Field Reports

Chapter 2278: Field Reports

Sunny was not involved in most of the matters discussed that morning, so he listened to the meeting only with half an ear.

Cassie was giving a short talk on various issues.

"...I received the first information about the state of the Night Garden. He is indeed somewhat suppressed by the laws of the waking world, but this is not beyond our expectations. Jet managed to get it under control with relatively little difficulty, and it continued on its intended course. However, his speed had greatly decreased. It will take them at least a week to complete the Northeast Corridor and reach Australia. Moreover, the ship does not seem to be able to replenish its fuel reserves—whatever they may be—in the waking world. They will have to return to the Dream Realm before the end of the month, at least for a few days."

"Agricultural research at Ravenhart is well underway. Saint Bliss asked to place additional reinforcements in the laboratory in case of an unexpected violation of the conditions of detention — Heli is there now, and I asked her to stay. Everything should be fine, but the seismic signals coming from the depths of the volcano are causing some alarm. We know that once in the past, a powerful, Nightmarish Being emerged from it... Kai is monitoring the situation and will inform us if there is a real threat. I hope we can handle everything that happens before there's an earthquake or an eruption.

"Oh, I'm not sure if you noticed, but last night the test launch of the Rivergate Complex was finally successful. People all over the city are celebrating. Nefis, you will need to personally congratulate Director Bethany... I've scheduled it for tomorrow."

Sonny smiled faintly.

So, Beth finally fulfilled her bold promise. He was glad.

'Wait, last night?'

How could he miss that the whole city was ablaze with electric lights?

In any case, Rain will probably not get enough sleep when she visits the Ivory Tower today...

Next, Effie reported a few problems. Most of them concerned the development of the Citadels east of the God's Grave, but there were also a few interesting news.

"Both eastern conquest campaigns are going smoothly. We are clearing the interior of the Domain at a good pace. Especially great progress is being observed on the Chained Islands. Tyris and Roan also came up with a way to prevent new islands from falling into the Sky Below—something about lifting the Ebony Tower from the depths and using it as an anchor. And just so you know, it took all my willpower to hold back the joke about plugging a huge rift with... Oh, it doesn't matter! In any case, research groups exploring territories in the Far East have not discovered any new Citadels since those two... According to their reports, we will reach the land's edge in the next few months. From there, we will move north along the coast."

"The situation in the Eastern Quadrant is still difficult. The Skin changer, that damn thing... he learns faster than we come up with countermeasures. There have been three outbreaks in the last week — the victims are not as numerous as they were before the introduction of the latest security protocols, but our Saints are getting tired. We need to change them more often. The cohort that conquered the Third Nightmare last month improved the situation somewhat, but only a little. Besides, the Skin-Changing One seems to be getting stronger. I'm afraid he's close to evolution. If that's not enough, then the Fourth Category Gate opened in the Western Quadrant last night. I will personally go there, but before that we need to transfer the Wolves from Australia. Princess... I will count on you in this matter."

Due to the unique property of the Nef Sleep Gate, they could serve as a means of quickly transferring troops through the waking world. It was enough to enter the Realm of Dreams through the Gates of Sleep, and then exit through them as soon as Nefis moved the entrance. Thus, the Bastion became a transit point for countless soldiers.

Of course, only the Awakened could use this method, since ordinary soldiers fell into the First Nightmare as soon as they returned to the waking world from the Realm of Dreams.

Nefis nodded.

"If the Sleep Gate's schedule is adjusted properly, then there won't be any problems."

They continued to discuss various issues related to logistics and the numerous fires that needed to be put out in the two worlds.

Soon Sonny got a little bored...

or rather, he got a little lost.

It happened to him from time to time, in moments when his concentration weakened. The sensory information he received from the countless shadows that served him overwhelmed his sense of self like a sea, making it difficult for him to remember that he was human. RάNȫbĘS̈

Sure... He was no longer human. Although Sonny drew a line between himself and the shadows, in fact, he himself was nothing more than a shadow.

Even if this shadow was divine.

Things were even worse for Nefis. Not only did she have the burden of three billion souls on her shoulders, she also acted as a guardian angel... No, Evris forbade him to use that word... A guardian deity for the warriors of humanity fighting Nightmarish Creatures in two worlds. Even if her powers barely reached the Ground, she still persisted.

This meant that she was using her Aspect almost constantly, which meant she was in excruciating pain almost constantly.

This was the price that the people who worshipped Nefis did not know about, and which she paid in order to be a shining beacon of hope for them.

If there was anything good in all this... so it was that she was no longer inclined to lose her humanity in the process. This was facilitated by Sunny's help, Nef's own efforts to connect with everything human, and the strange connection she maintained with numerous people and their human desires.

"And yet... I hate it."

He didn't like the selfless nature of Nef's efforts, regardless of whether people saw her as the messiah or not.

"... What about you?"

Hearing Effie address him in a teasing tone, he belatedly turned to her and scratched the edge of his nose.

"Oh... well. I'm still busy in the north, in the Scorched Forest. The Shadow Clan's information network is spreading, but Mordreth is still undetected. My people are watching the famous Gates of the Fourth Category, though—oh, right. We'll have to send someone to the Western Quadrant. And on the Forgotten Shore, everything has settled down, so I no longer have to pay so much attention to it. I'm thinking of going to Ravenhart."

Effie raised an eyebrow.

"Ravenhart?"

Sonny hesitated for a bit, and then smiled faintly.

"Let's just say there... part of my inheritance."