Chapter 2294: The Eloquent Cavalier

Chapter 2294: The Eloquent Cavalier

Even though Rain's current circumstances were much more unusual than those of her friends, unlike them, she had a very ordinary childhood. Besides, she had more worldly experience—Telle and Tamar might have known better how to behave in high society, but on this elegant walk, Rain was their guide.

...And her guide was the Bastion newspaper.

Following the plan she had been carefully developing since Telle's last visit to Bastion, they strolled along the lake embankment, made some modest purchases on fashion Street, and eventually ended up in the park, safely packing their purchases in an invisible bag.

Rain was in a great mood, and the weather was warm. The three of them were sitting on a bench and basking in the sun, enjoying the light breeze.

Thelle sighed.

“Why don't we go to the beach and swim for a bit?”

Tamar looked at her and shook her head.

“We can't go to a public beach. More specifically, we can't let anyone see Rain in a swimsuit, otherwise we'll have to fight off a crowd of angry fans. It would be worse than being in the grave of a God.”

Rain laughed.

Tamar may have been joking, but at the same time, she was right about something. If the three of them had donned swimsuits and appeared on a public beach, it would probably have caused quite a commotion—after all, most of the people there hadn't woken up yet.

Thelle looked Rain up and down and sighed.

“…Indeed.”

Rain chuckled.

“You two aren't that bad either. In fact, a couple of guys have been staring at us for about ten minutes now.”

Tamar raised an eyebrow.

She looked a little embarrassed—after all, she was supposed to be a bodyguard, and yet Rain was the first to notice that someone was watching them. There were indeed two young men nearby who seemed to be enjoying a picnic. They weren't very noticeable, but Rain didn't lose sight of the intense glances that the young men cast in their direction from time to time.

Thelle looked around, and then frowned. Her expression clouded a little.

“Oh. I think I know one of them. Let’s… Let’s go somewhere else. Please?”

Neither Rain nor Tamar objected, so they got up from the bench and headed out of the park.

However, two young men caught up with them a minute later.

Rain looked at them curiously.

They were a little older than the three girls and looked quite sincere. They were quite beautiful… They are even too beautiful to be ordinary people or simple Awakened Ones. Their figures were slender and athletic, and their light summer clothes did not hide the clear outlines of their muscles. ℟aN∅bĘŠ

'She wouldn't mind spending some time with them, but Telle’s negative reaction had already made a bad impression.'

“Could it be…”

One of the young men smiled and bowed slightly.

“Greetings, lovely ladies. I am very sorry that my friend and I interrupted your walk, but we couldn’t help but admire your sublime beauty from afar. Truly, it can only be compared to the alluring wonder of a Mirrored Lake sparkling under the rays of the sun… fresh and lively, full of such charming promises that no sweet words can describe them…”

Rain blinked and stared at him with wide eyes.

“Wh-what is he saying?”

The second youth froze, then turned pale and awkwardly raised his hand to cover his face.

“…And so, enchanted by the three beautiful fairies who must have descended from heaven to illuminate this dreary world with their youthful charm, we can’t help but hope that you will join in come to us on a modest picnic. Please, I’m begging you… Are you giving us a precious gift in the form of your wonderful company? My heart is like a bird trapped in a cage, beating wildly in anticipation!”

The strange guy finally finished speaking, looked at their surprised faces, and hurriedly added,

“Oh! Forgive me for being rude… I was so charmed by your stunning beauty that I forgot to introduce myself. I’m Master Tristan, and this is my friend, Master Mercy.”

“Ah…”

Rain blinked a couple of times, Telle moved away slightly, and Tamar just stared at the two young men with an expressionless expression.

After a few seconds, she said dejectedly, “Tristan? Are you Tristan from the Aegis of the Rose?”

The young man beamed.

“So you’ve heard of me. Well, I can’t say that I’m surprised. After all, the stories of my military prowess have spread everywhere!”

“Oh, I think I killed your cousin in the battle for the heart of God.”

Tamar studied him for a few moments, and then shrugged her shoulders.

“Well, who knows? I could have. I am Lady Tamar of Sorrow, a former centurion of the Seventh Royal Legion. And these are my friends…”

Tristan’s expression changed.

“The Seventh Royal Legion? The Seventh Royal Legion?!”

The second youth widened his eyes and reached out to his friend.

“Tristan, wait!”

But Tristan didn’t wait.

“The army of that dishonest, devilish girl, Sayshan from the Song? Ha! Then I take it back. I have to! My honor will not allow me to remain silent! You are not a fairy, my lady. You must be an evil seductress!”

But he didn’t have time to say anything else…

There was a loud sound, and Master Tristan’s face suddenly turned to the side, the silhouette of an elegant palm was clearly imprinted on his cheek. Rain shook her hand in the air with a pained expression.

Her arm hurt, but she was happy. Now it was a full-fledged walking experience!

'Of course, it would be better if the person she slapped wasn’t a Master. The Masters really had strong jaws.'

Looking at the stunned Ascended One, Rain smiled.

“That wasn’t very noble of you, was it, Master Tristan? After all, you were the one who contacted us first… How can you call my friend a seductress?”

She shook her head.

“I’m sorry, but we have to decline your picnic invitation. Now, if you’ll excuse us…”

Bowing slightly to another Master, she grabbed Telle and Tamar and dragged them away.

Rain waited until they were far enough away before she burst out laughing.

…Meanwhile, Tristan and Mercy were left behind, left to their own devices.

Tristan rubbed his cheek, a confused expression appeared on his face.

'That slap in the face… Did she look strangely familiar to him?'

In the end, he sighed and looked at Mercy reproachfully.

“…The worst thing they can say is no, isn’t it?”

Mercy took a deep breath, shook his head, and left in dejected silence.