Chapter 2506: Behind Mirror Eyes

Chapter 2506: Behind Mirror Eyes

Standing on the balcony of the Valor manor, Mordret looked at the vast expanse of the Mirror Lake stretching in front of him. The sun was rising, and the tranquil waters were starting to glisten with a beautiful golden light. Far in the distance, the magnificent silhouette of the great castle rose from the golden glow, looking like something out of a fairy tale.

It was a stunning sight, despite the hazy curtain of the falling rain obscuring it. Mordret smiled, enjoying the view.

He drank his morning coffee in silence, not thinking about anything in particular. These quiet minutes at dawn were the only time he got to spend at peace — later in the day, he was always busy with work, solving urgent problems and interacting with countless people.

Those problems were engaging and enjoyable in and of themselves, but it was a different kind of pleasure. By the time the exquisite ceramic cup in his hand ran dry, there was movement on the gravel road leading to the manor. Noticing a luxurious black car arriving at the manor, Mordret sighed quietly.

His expression changed, betraying a sense of melancholy for a moment. Then, it was replaced by his usual simple smile, and he left the balcony.

Still wearing his silk pajamas, soft slippers, and an exquisitely embroidered viridian robe, he left his room and descended to the first floor. The maids, valets, and Sebastian were nowhere to be seen — opening the door, he finally found them, assembled in two neat rows outside the entrance with umbrellas in their hands.

“Good morning.”

Picking up an umbrella himself, Mordret walked out to meet the arriving car. The door swung open before the chauffeur had the time to touch it, and an imposing man climbed out of it, wearing a stern expression.

The man was tall and broad-shouldered, with a lean but mighty physique. He had dark hair and a thick, dignified beard. The expression on his noble face was harsh and austere, and his grey eyes were as cold as tempered steel.

He looked around coldly, and his heavy gaze landed on Mordret.

The man remained silent for a few moments, studying him somberly.

Then, a wide smile split his chiseled face, instantly warming it up.

"Son!"

Mordret smiled, too, hiding his melancholy behind that smile.

"Dad."

Before he could say anything else, he was encased in a bear hug.

"Come here, brat. How long has it been since we last saw each other? You are still too skinny... Sebastian! What have you been feeding this guy?"

Indeed, it was none other than Anvil, Mordret's father.

“Where's mom?"

Anvil gave Mordret a conspiratorial smile and brought a finger to his lips.

"Shhh. She fell asleep on the way from the airfield. Don't wake her just yet."

Leaving the protection of Mordret's umbrella, he took a few steps toward the lake and inhaled deeply.

“Ah. The stench... I missed it!"

Looking back, he grinned.

“Your mom and I have done some wonderful work in less fortunate places, and I wouldn't change it for the world. But nothing beats home, does it?"

Anvil turned back to the lake and chuckled, taking in the sight of the castle.

“Look at it, rising from the water. Just as magnificent as it has always been... well, maybe a little more magnificent now after the renovations are done." ꭆaꞐObЁs

Smiling wryly, he finally returned to stand under the umbrella.

“[ I hear the castle is opening to the public soon. Mirage Museum, huh? Was that your idea?"

Mordret nodded.

“Seemed sad, to just look at it from a distance. Always outside reach... and empty. Like a mirage. So, I thought I'd let people visit it and look around. Getting the city hall to cooperate took a lot of work, but you know how these things are."

Anvil nodded.

“I do. And hearing you say that... I'm happier than ever that I retired.”

Throwing his head back, he laughed.

“Now, let's wake your mother up and go inside..."

His expression darkened a little.

“I am sorry we couldn't come back earlier, son. That stuff with your sister... you two had us very worried. If not for Madoc promising to look after you and Morgan, we would have abandoned everything and returned immediately.”

Mordret smiled faintly.

"Yes, Uncle was of great help. How about..."

At that moment, his phone rang.

Letting out a sigh, Mordret took it out of his pocket, looked at the screen, and accepted the call.

“Yes. What is the matter?"

He listened to whoever it was on the other side for a few moments, and then scowled.

“What? What do you mean, they lost her? What about..."

There was a muffled sound of a man's voice from the phone, and his expression became even more troubled.

“How is this possible? I was told that the hospital in question..."

After listening for a few more moments, he ended the call and remained motionless for a while, looking into the distance with a worried expression.

Sensing his son's unease, Anvil asked in a calm tone:

“What was that?"

Mordret flinched, then looked at his father silently.

Eventually, he took a deep breath and said:

“It was Uncle's assistant. Apparently, Morgan... she vanished. I don't know how this is possible, considering that the facility we chose for her was supposed to provide the best care around the clock, but I will find out."

Anvil studied him for a few moments, then sighed.

“That girl... I think I spoiled her too much. She really knows how to throw a tantrum! But before you blame your old man, remember that you spoiled her the most."

A pale smile appeared on Mordret's face.

“Of course I did. She is my little sister.”

Anvil shook his head.

"Look at you, still covering for her. I heard that she really crossed the line this time... trying to hurt you? That is too much, even for her. Aren't you mad?"

Mordret tilted his head a little.

"Mad?"

He considered the question for a few moments.

"I'm never mad. I can't be mad."

Offering his father a smile, he handed him the umbrella and sighed.

“I'm sorry, Dad. I'll have to go deal with that... hug mom for me? I'll be back for dinner.”

Anvil nodded.

“Of course. Go do what you need to do... drag Morgan home, as well. I'll give her a stern talking to."

Mordret looked at him for a few moments, then turned away.

Out of Anvil's sight, his smile dimmed a little.

He lingered for a bit, then headed inside to change clothes.

Behind him, the waters of the lake were stirring, restless, as its surface was being pelted by the rain.