Chapter 2509: Humble CEO

Chapter 2509: Humble CEO

'...Huh.'

Sunny knew that Saint had agreed to cooperate with them — someone was trying to kill her, after all, and the two deranged detectives seemed to be the only thing standing between her and an early demise. He had also harbored no doubt that she would be able to separate the Other Mordret from his security and lure the poor fool to this secluded service entrance.

What Sunny had not expected, however, was that she would nonchalantly point a gun at the CEO of the Valor Group and tell him to get into the car in an

even tone.

Not that he was going to complain.

'Go Saint?'

The workers and the lone security guard did not seem to have noticed the gun yet. Interestingly enough, they weren't turning into glassy-eyed zombies yet, either… which was not that hard to explain.

It was perfectly in character for a hot-headed detective with a grudge to forcefully take away a suspected murderer for interrogation. It was also in character for his inexperienced partner to go along with the plan…

Usually, one of them would have been a maverick, while the other would have loved to do everything by the book. Both the Other Mordret was out of luck

— the detective duo he had invited into his life were both slightly unhinged.

…Apparently, it was also perfectly in character for Dr. Saint to point guns at people, as long as she considered it a reasonable development.

"With haste, Mr. Mordret. If you will."

Sunny opened the passenger door and invited Mordret into the PTV. The luxuriously dressed CEO gave the old vehicle a dubious glance, then obediently climbed inside. Effie and Saint took the backseat while he looked around the ragged interior with a curious smile.

"How quaint. Detective Sunless, are you perchance an antique collector?"

Sunny, who had just put his hands onto the wheel, gave him a scathing glare.

'This guy…'

"No. I'm just poor. Buckle up!"

Starting the PTV, he drove off at high speed.

As the tires clung desperately to the wet asphalt, Sunny glanced at his passenger, remained silent for a moment, and said:

"Please make no mistake. Technically, we might be kidnapping you… but it is for your own safety. We have reasons to believe that there will be another

attempt on your life, and we can't trust your subordinates. So, you might as well think about it as being taken into protective custody. No hard feelings, yes?"

The Other Mordret smiled and assented too easily:

"Yes."

Sunny frowned.

Why was he being so accommodating?A powerful CEO was supposed to be arrogant and domineering — sort of like Morgan had been before the fall of Valor. Imagining trying to force her into a PTV made Sunny shiver. ꞦÅΝ∅bĘŠ

But since Mordret was being so amicable…

Sunny glanced at him, and then asked in a neutral tone:

"How's that seat belt treating you? Comfortable? That's good… I'm not that comfortable, sadly, because my seat belt is pressing against a stab wound on my side. I've been stabbed, you see. Oh, do you want to know who stabbed me?"

He turned his head a little and smiled darkly.

"I bet it was the same man who stabbed your driver to death. My, oh my… does he not like the idea of anyone driving you around?

The Other Mordret met his gaze with a pleasant expression.

"I'm afraid I don't understand what you are talking about, Detective."

Sunny scoffed.

"Sure you don't. You did not probe to see whether my partner is really who she seems to be, either. Right?"

Mordret blinked a few times.

"I'm afraid I do not follow. Whatever do you mean?"

Sunny grinned.

"Cut the crap, would you? We know. We also know that you know. So, how about we have an honest conversation? About your other self, and where both of you come from — the real world."

Mordret looked at him in utter confusion.

"I am… truly sorry, Detective. I'm afraid I still can't grasp your meaning."

Saint did not say anything, but Sunny could read what she wanted to blurt out from her expression, captured in the rearview mirror…

"Finally! A sane person!"

He pursed his lips.

"What is the point of playing games if everything is already in the open? If you are afraid to break character, don't be. Everyone in this car is real. You are the axis of Mirage City, anyway… the Castellan will probably change the Palace of Imagination to fit whatever you deem to acknowledge instead

of punishing you for it."

Mordret's pleasant smile grew a little forced.

"I am not playing games, Detective. I am simply at a loss… you seem to be confused about something."

Sunny threw a dark look at Effie, who just shrugged.

"I don't get why he's being that way, either. There's no reason to, unless there is something we are missing."

Both of them looked at Saint.

She shifted uncomfortably under their gazes.

"Have you considered that it is your actions that are abnormal, as opposed to Mr. Mordret's reaction?"

Sunny and Effie glanced at each other.

"Nope."

"Never crossed my mind."

Saint sighed.

By then,the PTV had left the quiet neighborhood where the hospital was located and driven onto a freeway. Sunny pressed the pedal down, accelerating as he weaved between other vehicles. Mordret's security had to have discovered his disappearance by now — if all had gone as planned, they would have no

chance to pursue, but it was still a good idea to hurry away.

At that moment, Effie's communicator rang. She answered the call and listened to it for a few moments, then grimaced.

"Hey, Sunny. I have good news and bad news."

He raised an eyebrow.

"Was that Morgan?"

She nodded.

"Yes. The good news is that we gave Mordret's bodyguards a slip."

Sunny frowned.

"That is the bad news, then?"

Turning around, Effie looked back, at the swiftly moving expanse of the freeway.

"It seems like he had been followed from a distance by several unmarked cars. And unlike his security detail, these cars are already on our tail."

Looking into the rearview mirror, Sunny sighed.

"Yeah… I know. I've been keeping an eye on them since we reached the freeway."

Mordret raised an eyebrow.

"We are being followed? By whom?"

Sunny studied him for a moment, then shook his head.

"Who else? People who want to kill you, of course."