Chapter 2526: Nightmare Spawn

Chapter 2526: Nightmare Spawn

Sunny glanced at Mordret in displeasure. Now, even he was starting to feel a little uneasy at the mention of Asterion.

He was also a little stunned.

The idea of a human who considered himself a spawn of Nightmare had never crossed his mind. Even more disturbing was the fact that Asterion had an actual claim to such a title.

Mordret chuckled.

"It is not that surprising if you think about it. What is a human, after all? There are some common traits we all share, like having two hands and two feet... being featherless bipeds. However, does a Saint cease to be a human when they assume their Transcendent form? Hardly. In truth, we also share more profound things. Our way of thinking, culture, values... our birthplace." He sighed.

"But that man was born in a different world, and raised by people who had quite a peculiar culture and values. More than that, he was unique even among them — the first of his kind. The first human child born in the Dream Realm... the first Dreamspawn. He only encountered human civilization after becoming Awakened. So, it's not that hard to imagine that he would consider himself a stranger to our merry band. Oh, and I am using ‘our’ figuratively. In truth, I feel somewhat like a stranger to mankind myself.”

Sunny offered him a half-hearted smile.

“So what you are telling me is that while Nephis is a Dreamspawn, that man is better described as a Nightmare Spawn."

Mordret shrugged.

“A Dream Spawn, a Nightmare Spawn... is there really a difference? In the world we live in, the two are one and the same."

Sunny pursed his lips.

"There is a difference. Names have a power, you know... regardless, I am more interested in something else. That man, whatever we call him — is he actually Corrupted?"

Mordret hesitated for a while.

"I am not quite sure. These Dreamspawns are all paradoxical creatures, you know. I do not think that he is truly Corrupted. I believe that he is still walking the Path of Ascension. However, who can tell? He might be a human who is walking the Path of Corruption, or a Corrupted man who is walking the Path of Ascension. Or maybe there is no difference between the two for him at all."

He grinned.

“If I knew that much about the Dreamspawn, I wouldn't be here, desperately trying to prepare for his return. I can tell you one thing, though..."

Mordret glanced at Sunny with a smile.

"Of all the people in both worlds, I am the one who knows the most about him. So, coming back to the question that provoked this unpleasant conversation... the reason neither you nor Changing Star can afford to kill me is that I am your best ally in the fight against the Dreamspawn."

That soured Sunny's mood quite a lot.

He was feverishly digesting the new information about Asterion. Sunny had known that the third Sovereign would become a problem sooner or later... however, after hearing Mordret out, he was inclined to believe the bastard.

The problem would arrive sooner rather than later. And the danger posed by Asterion was perhaps even greater than Sunny, Nephis, and Cassie had anticipated. Worse of all...

No matter how much Sunny was revolted by the idea, he could not deny Mordret's last statement. They could not afford to exterminate their best source of information about Asterion, at least not just yet.

Killing Mordret would be a mistake, despite how much of a loose cannon he was and all the terrible crimes he had committed. They could make him answer for those after Asterion had been dealt with, regardless. On top of that... Sunny was still not entirely comfortable with the idea of killing the Other Mordret in cold blood just to get rid of this one. That guy was innocent, having done nothing wrong — nothing to justify an execution, anyway.

Sunny had killed plenty of people in his life, and was not above doing what had to be done in order to achieve his goals. But he was not entirely callous, either — so, he felt undecided on what to do with the Other Mordret.

And that, without a doubt, was another fact Mordret was counting on.

‘That slippery bastard...’

Sunny glanced at the Prince of Nothing somberly.

“I might — just might — consider keeping you alive. However, you should think about giving me a taste of what you are offering, to help me make the decision. What powers does Asterion possess? What is his Aspect? What is his Flaw? Why is he searching for Divine Lineages? And so on." ᚱÄΝƟ฿Εṥ

Mordret laughed.

"So many questions."

He lingered for a while, then spoke in a distant tone, as if musing aloud:

“Let's not mention his ability to manipulate and compel living beings, as well as to know things that are not supposed to be known. That is his Aspect — at least I suspect that it is — but not his nature. His nature, meanwhile..."

Mordret frowned faintly.

“The Dreamspawn bears the lineage of the most elusive of the gods — Heart God, the God of Souls. As well as emotions, memory, growth... and hunger. So, he wields an eerie power to consume and assimilate things. That is what makes him a monster. He is... a chimera."

Sunny blinked a few times.

"Wait, you don't mean that..."

Mordret nodded.

"Yes. It is not supposed to be possible, just like the existence of beings who are both divine and profane is not supposed to be possible, but the Dreamspawn is capable of bearing several Lineages at the same time. He inherited the lineage of Heart God from his parents... he assimilated the lineage of War God from my blood. He received the lineage of Beast God from Ki Song, and plundered the lineage of Storm God from Nightwalker."

He chuckled.

“He kept Nephis of Immortal Flame alive because he needed her to grow up and Awaken to steal the lineage of Sun God. And he has waited for a long, long time for the lineage of Shadow God to finally reveal itself. For you to reveal yourself. So, now that all he seeks is within reach, he will inevitably come for the two of you... to finish his collection and absorb all six Divine Lineages. What for? That, I do not know.”

Mordret glanced at Sunny and raised an eyebrow.

"How's that for a taste? Ah, am I not a generous and benevolent person? Look, I turned a new leaf. That is the second time I shared valuable information with you for free.”

Sunny remained silent for a long while.

‘The good thing is that my incarnations can sense what is happening in Mirage City. So, they'll be relaying this information to Nephis and Cassie immediately.’

After a while, he sighed.

“Fine. Let's strike a deal, you and I. What do you want in exchange for acting as bait to lure the Castellan out, and helping us deal with the Dreamspawn in the future?"

Mordret shrugged.

“It is as I said. I want safety. Ensure the survival of my pathetic other self — put him in a place more secure than the Palace of Imagination. The safest place in both worlds... settle him on the Ivory Island, and guard him as fervently as you guard each other, both from the Dreamspawn and from Morgan. Actually, from anything that can harm him even a little bit."

Sunny tilted his head a little.

“You want us — Nephis, Cassie, and me — to become... roommates with your other self? That is your price?"

Mordret smiled pleasantly.

“Quite aptly put. Yes... at least until the Dreamspawn is dealt with. I know, cohabitating with that worm is an unpleasant prospect, but please bear with him for a while."

Sunny frowned.

He wasn't sure that Mordret was being sincere... in fact, he was quite certain that the bastard was deceiving him, somehow. But there was one thing Sunny knew for sure...

It was that Mordret absolutely detested Asterion. A long time ago, the Prince of Nothing had shared his intentions with him — he had wanted revenge against the Dreamspawn almost as much as he wanted to avenge himself on Valor.

That made his motives at least a little bit believable.

‘In fact, he is giving us a hostage’

What would that lunatic be able to do if his very death was in their hands?

Nothing.

Sunny glanced at Mordret somberly for a long while, then sighed.

"It's a deal."