Chapter 2530: Full Experience

Chapter 2530: Full Experience

Finally, they gathered around the altar. Sunny, Effie, Morgan, Saint... and the Other Mordret, who had woken up from his peaceful nap.

The four of them glanced somber and apprehensive, while the CEO of the Valor Group looked carefree and full of curiosity. "Good morning, Detective Sunless. How was your night?"

Sunny stared at him for a few seconds, then sighed.

"Eventful."

He looked at each of his companions in turn, and then spoke calmly:

"As I already mentioned, the culprit behind the Nihilist killings and the attempts on our lives is none other than the chairman of the Valor Group board, Madoc. He perpetrated these crimes in an attempt to cover up his poor handling of the Northern Dam renovation project."

Saying this, Sunny looked at the Other Mordret.

Just as Morgan had said, he did not look particularly hurt by the fact that his own uncle was trying to kill him. Mordret's expression remained relaxed and unblemished, and the slight smile playing on his lips did not falter.

He did look a little concerned, though. "Northern damn renovation... that is just bad business. Terrible optics, as well. I simply do not understand what Uncle was thinking."

'Of all the things...'

Morgan had mentioned that the guy was harmless, but she had not mentioned that he was hopeless.

'At least he's honest.'

Shaking his head, Sunny continued:

"I struck a deal with Mordret... the mean Mordret... to pose as the Valor CEO and draw Madoc out. They agreed to meet face-to-face and talk. Madoc chose the location — it is the Castle. So, that is where we need to go."

Morgan raised an eyebrow.

"It is bound to be a trap... a death trap. You know that the Other playing the role of our uncle will bring an army of henchmen to make sure that Mordret does not walk out of their meeting alive."

Sunny smiled.

"Naturally. It's going to be a real mess — I'm counting on it."

Turning away, he headed to the doors. "Follow me."

They exited the abandoned church and approached the PTV he had arrived on. While Sunny was trying to remember how to open a trunk, Effie blinked a couple of times. РaƝОВÈS

"Wait, where did you get a car? And this one is much better than yours was, too!"

Sunny scowled, offended on behalf of his destroyed PTV.

"First of all, it's not better. It just looks nicer. And second of all, I paid a visit to our friends from the Black Snake gang after finishing up with Mordret and had a good talk with them."

He smiled.

"Let's just say that those gangsters felt inclined to give me some protection money. And that money came in the form of this vehicle, as well as what's in its trunk."

The trunk finally opened, and Sunny pointed inside with a proud look.

Effie whistled.

"Wow."

Inside were all the tools one would need to storm the lair of a criminal mastermind. Tactical gear, bulletproof vests, boxes of bullets, guns...

Effie looked at them with a confused expression.

"Where did they even get all this stuff?"

Handing her a bulletproof vest, Sunny pointed to the letters on its front.

"Where else? They bought it from the cops."

It was a funny situation, really. The criminals had purchased illegal equipment from dirty cops, and then he extorted them for said equipment, receiving it as a bribe to leave them alone.

It was like a cycle of corruption.

"In any case, the Castle will most likely be heavily defended. We will sneak inside... if that doesn't work, we will storm it, take out Madoc's henchmen, and then deal with Madoc himself. Once he is rendered useless, the Castellan will be forced to reveal its hand — that is when we will help Effie reach it, destroy it, and reclaim her authority as the Master of the Castle."

Morgan frowned.

"Hold your horses. How are we supposed to take out a small army of private security specialists? They will be armed, as well, and we are currently mundane. One bullet will be all it takes to kill us."

Sunny smiled.

"Madoc might have an army of henchmen... but we have Saint."

He pointed to his taciturn psychiatrist, who was looking at the firearms with an uninterested expression.

“As far as we know, she is the only being in Mirage City capable of wielding Awakened powers. She is far away from reclaiming her Transcendent might, but even then, one of her should be enough to balance the scales."

Saint gave him a sideways look and did not say anything.

Morgan, meanwhile, looked at the Other Mordret.

"What about him? Where are we going to stash him?"

Sunny shook his head.

"Nowhere in Mirage City is safe. Not only because the Castellan is now hunting him down in an attempt to make your fratricide fantasy come true, but also because the northern dam is compromised. There is no telling when it will collapse, and what the result will be."

He offered the Other Mordret a dark smile. "So, we'll be taking him with us. Naturally, Mr. Mordret here is not exactly a seasoned fighter..."

Sunny turned to Morgan.

"So, it is going to be your job to keep him safe."

She blinked a couple of times.

"Mine? Why me? Have you forgotten why I..."

She did not say the rest, but he understood. Morgan had come to the Palace of Imagination to kill the Other Mordret, so she was understandably surprised that Sunny was entrusting her brother's safety to her.

But it was the very fact that she seemed reluctant to admit her goal in front of the Other Mordret that affirmed his decision. He shrugged.

"Because his survival is paramount, and after Saint, you are the strongest among us due to your Flaw. Plus... you are his sister. He'll be more comfortable with you, and less likely to do something foolish."

Morgan looked at him in displeasure for a while, then scoffed and looked away.

"Don't regret your decision later, Lord Shadow."

Sunny looked at her and grinned.

"Hey. Don't pout. Isn't it fun? The last time, you were defending the Castle from Mordret... now, you'll be the one besieging it with him. It's like the full experience."

Morgan pierced him with a scathing gaze.

"I. Do not pout."

Her voice sounded cold enough to freeze the falling rain.

Sunny cleared his throat.

"Well, in any case, arm yourselves and get into the PTV."

He looked up and inhaled the alien air of Mirage City with a full chest.

What would the Devil Detective say?

Sunny smiled darkly.

"It is time to dish out some justice."