Chapter 2597: Inner Sea

Chapter 2597: Inner Sea

A few days later, the storm subsided, revealing the starlit sky. The vast expanse of rolling water glistened with a silver radiance, reflecting the shimmering stars. Wisps of mist flowed above the water like clouds, making it seem as if the Night Garden was suspended between two nebulous heavens.

Sunny was starting to feel better by then. Abandoning the peaceful embrace of Jet's shadow, he ventured to explore the ship—not because he expected to find something important, but simply out of curiosity. Avoiding the gazes of people living on the Night Garden, he moved stealthily here and there, eventually making his way to the lowest part of the living vessel.

‘Quite ironic'

There was a small sea hidden at the bottom of the Night Garden. Well, more of a lake, really—a vast reservoir spanned the entire length of the gigantic ship, filled with water. There was a shore of pristine white dunes, as well. Enchanted lanterns were scattered across the ceiling of the reservoir, shining upon the black water like stars... it was a perfect microcosm of the restless sea outside.

Kneeling on the white sand, Sunny brought a handful of it to his face and licked it. A strange expression appeared on his face. "Salt?"

Soft steps resounded from the darkness behind him, and Jet appeared on the silent shore, stretching as she raised a hand to hide a yawn. Each storm was a test of endurance for the captain of the Night Garden, so she had not had an opportunity to rest even for a minute until the storm subsided.

Noticing his confused expression, she nodded.

"Yes, it's salt."

Jet walked over to the water and splashed some on her face.

“The hull of the Night Garden absorbs salt water from the sea, purifies it, and then desalinates it. Once all contaminants are absorbed, the fresh water and the salt are stored separately in this reservoir. Where did you think people aboard the ship got water from?"

Sunny scratched his head.

"I haven't really thought about it. That's quite convenient."

Jet nodded.

"If not for that function, sustaining a large population here would have been a logistical nightmare. As it stands, though, we are almost self-sufficient. We even supply salt to other cities in the Dream Realm, so everyone on the coast is happy to see the Night Garden appear on the horizon."

Salt was the lifeblood of civilization, after all.

Sunny glanced around with a thoughtful expression.

“Does it happen automatically, or do you control the water intake from the runic hall?"

Jet shrugged.

"The Night Garden handles it on its own. But I imagine I could take direct control and do it manually if I wanted to—that is how it works with most of its other functions. Why?"

Sunny looked up, studied the distant ceiling for a while, and then shook his head. "Nothing, really. It's just that this reservoir is far from being filled to the brim. So, I was thinking that it looks like a ballast tank."

Jet studied him for a few seconds.

“Like in a submarine?"

He nodded.

“Exactly. I am willing to bet that if you increased water intake and flooded this reservoir, the Night Garden would be able to dive into the depths. That is how it works, right? It only has to become heavier than the water it displaces to achieve negative buoyancy."

Sunny paused for a moment, then added: “I am also willing to bet that the same barrier that protects the main deck from the wind and the rain can hold the water at bay, creating a bubble of breathable air around the ship. Oh... I don't have proof for any of that, of course.

But it feels like something the Night Garden would be able to do."

Jet gave him a suspicious look.

“Why are you thinking about sinking my ship, though?"

Sunny chuckled.

“No reason. I'm just bored and curious."

Jet sighed.

"Well... you might be right. Honestly, I feel like we haven't discovered everything that the Night Garden can do yet, by far—or at least what it could do. It might not look like it from the outside, but this ship is actually heavily damaged and in a state of disrepair. It has been from the very day the Nightwalker conquered it, after thousands of years of neglect. And none of us is powerful enough or knows enough to fix it." Ra₦Ổ฿ĚŜ

She glanced at the vast expanse of dark water.

“The rest can't tell, but as its captain, I feel it every time I step into the runic circle. How tired and worn down countless of its parts are." Jet lingered for a moment, then smiled.

"In any case, I am not planning to send the Night Garden into the depths. I spent several months as a sea nomad in my Third Nightmare, you know? Living on the back of an aquatic monster, with no land anywhere in sight. In my experience, all things that come from the depths tend to try to eat you, so thanks, but no thanks."

Sunny gave her a funny look.

“Hey, I think we have the same experience! Actually, I hate water. The only thing worse than water... is deep water, I'd say."

Jet raised an eyebrow.

“Then what are you doing in the middle of the Stormsea?"

Sunny smiled.

“Well, it's because my greed tramples my fear. Every damn time."

Turning away from the dark expanse of fresh water, Sunny looked at Jet.

His vision had improved enough to actually discern her features, which was a good sign. So, he figured that there was no sense in postponing what he wanted to do anymore. “Anyway. I am going to explore what the Night Garden is dreaming about. Care to join me?"

Jet remained silent for a while, then shrugged.

“It's my ship. Of course, I am going to join you."

Sunny nodded.

“Let's go, then."

As he said that, Nightmare silently rose from the shadows and stared at Jet with his frightening crimson eyes. She stared back, wisps of mist drifting around her.

“Sunny... your horse is looking at me funny."

Fastening the Overpriced Saddle, he smiled. "He's just happy to see you. Right, Nightmare?"

Nightmare snorted, revealing his steel wolf-like fangs for a moment.

Jet cleared her throat.

"Yeah, I don't think this is it..."

Jumping into the saddle, Sunny looked down at her and offered her his hand.

“Climb up. Don't worry, he doesn't bite... I mean, he does, but only when he wants to kill someone. So, relax."

Giving him a dark look, Jet took his hand and climbed to sit behind him.

“Why do you have a Transcendent Terror as a horse, even?"

Sunny grinned.

“Well, if you must know, it's because I endured myriad excruciating deaths in a maze of nightmares, broke free through sheer stubbornness, and then killed him viciously. So, this Terror is my horse now. Hold on tight!"

As Jet wrapped her arms around his waist, Sunny sent Nightmare forward and commanded him to use the [Dreamwalker] Attribute.

The next moment, they disappeared from the shore of the dark lake.