Chapter 2722 Monster of Crete

Chapter 2722 Monster of Crete

Stepping out of a luxurious PTV, Cassie inhaled the stale air of NQSC. The city felt emptier than before... but also more anxious than before. People seemed to be moving ever-so-slightly quicker than they usually would, looking down as if pressed to the ground by the weight of fear.

Maybe it was her own anxiety coloring her perception, though. The general population was still unaware of the odd war happening in the shadows of both worlds, after all.

The war against Asterion and his spreading influence, which they were struggling to contain.

She sighed.

"Shall I go up with you?"

Her driver today, once again, was Sid — even though most of the Fire Keepers were busy preparing to challenge the Third Nightmare these days, they still performed their usual duties, Escorting Cassie was one of them, due to the obvious limitations of her Flaw. She shook her head.

"No need. Considering the sensitive nature of the meeting, he won't be happy to see an unfamiliar face

Nephis and Sunny could not visit the waking world too often or for too long, but there was still endless work to be done here. So, Cassie spent her days between the Ivory Island and NQSC, with the latter taking most of her time as of late,

Today, she ventured into the city to attend a clandestine meeting with Saint Cor, Wake of Ruin. Usually, there would have been no reason for them to act secretly... but in the current air of distrust and paranoia, numerous things had become difficult,

Sid grimaced.

"What's the point of sending me to protect you if you'll just leave me behind?"

Cassie turned to face her and smiled. "What's the point of sending a Master to protect a Saint?"

Leaving her bodyguard behind, she entered an unremarkable building. It was not that she did not trust the Fire Keepers — it was just that any threat that could pose a hazard to Cassie would be absolutely deadly to her subordinates. She felt reluctant to risk their lives needlessly.

Behind the weathered facade of the building hid a luxurious and exclusive club, the kind where only distinguished Awakened could attain membership. Cassie was guided to a stylishly decorated lounge where Awakened and Masters rested in leather chairs, speaking quietly as they leisurely enjoyed expensive alcohol.

‘As she walked across the lounge, she subtly marked a few of them, sharing in their senses. Finally able to see, she secretly let out a relieved sigh.

The decor was subdued, but opulent. The mood was lavish, verging on decadent. Cassie's appearance would have caused a stir if not for the fact that she had long learned to blend into the background. Usually, a Saint's presence made them stand out, but Cassie's was the opposite. Her presence was simple to overlook and difficult to remember.

She approached the bar and took a seat, gesturing to the bartender to pour her a drink — something brewed in the Dream Realm, and therefore capable of affecting Awakened.

But not strong enough to affect a Saint Wake of Ruin had not arrived yet, so she had some time to kill.

Of course, there were myriad perspectives Cassie was keeping an eye on at all times. So, there was never really true downtime for her.

She was focusing on the events happening in Ravenheart when someone took a seat next to her. Cassie did not react, but studied the stranger through the eyes of the bartender.

He was not Saint Cor.

She did know him, though — the man was an Awakened who distinguished himself in Antarctica, Ascended, and later went on to pledge his allegiance to the Song Domain during the war in Godgrave. Now, he was a free agent, and on several recruitment lists she had compiled.

"Can I have what the lady is having?"

The man turned, opening his mouth to say something, then froze for a moment. "Saint... Saint Cassia?"

Cassie smiled politely.

"Nice to meet you!

The man remained silent for a while, staring at her with a perplexed expression. People often stared at her, safe in the assumption that she was blind and could not tell. This Ascended seemed more surprised than starstruck, though, which was a nice change of pace.

Eventually, he nodded and looked away.

“It's an honor to meet you.”

They did not speak for a while after that. Cassie remained still, enjoying her drink in silence — the man did the same.

When his glass ran dry, however, he finally found the courage to address her again.

His tone sounded friendly enough.

"By any chance... do you know the legend of Minotaur?"

Cassie lingered for a few moments, then put her glass down and raised her hands. Pulling down her blindfold, she turned to face the man and raised an eyebrow calmly. “Minotaur? The monster?"

The man smiled

“Right. That's how people perceive him, I guess — a monster whom Theseus, the gallant hero, slayed in the Labyrinth to save himself and other sacrificial youths. But actually..."

His smile turned a little bitter.

"The Minotaur was not really a monster. Or at least, he wasn't only a monster”

He shook his head with a sigh.

"He was a descendant of the Sun God and a prince of Crete — born neither human nor a beast. An abomination that no kind welcomed. His father imprisoned him under the palace as a child, and kept him there in the darkness, feeding him human flesh. Every year, fourteen youths were sent into the darkness to be devoured by the Minotaur. Well, until Theseus happened to be one of the youths”

Cassie nodded.

“Thescus slayed the Minotaur and escaped the Labyrinth using a string that Ariadne gave him, right?"

The man nodded eagerly.

“Indeed”

He fell silent for a short while, studying Cassie with curiosity.

"The Minotaur must have been dreadfully hungry, stuck there in the darkness. He was only fed once a year, after all... perhaps that was why he developed a taste for human flesh. But did he really have to be fed human youths and be remembered as a monster?" The man sighed and glanced away, smiling strangely.

“Ah, I've always wondered. What would have happened if he were fed monsters instead?" His voice sounded wistful.

Cassie remained silent for a few moments, then shrugged.

"Wouldn't he have been a cannibal either way?"

The man laughed.

“Oh... oh! What an interesting point of view!" He shook his head and wiped the corners of his eyes.

"But no, I don't think so. Rather, I think that the Minotaur had never committed such an act. He was neither a human nor a monster, after all, Since he belonged to no kind, no one he devoured was his kin. So, what sin did he commit?"

Cassie did not respond for a while. Eventually, though, she asked:

“Are you speaking from personal experience? Were you awfully hungry, stuck there in the darkness?"

The man glanced at her with a friendly smile. “You can't even imagine. You can't even fathom it, young lady. The moon might be a stunning place, but looking down at your planet from up high... ah, all I could think about was how important it had turned out to have a damn string tied around your wrist..."