Chapter 2734 Captured Thrall

Chapter 2734 Captured Thrall

A man was sitting on a cheap alloy chair in the middle of an empty room. There was a runic circle surrounding the chair, as well as enchanted shackles binding his wrists together. The circle was preventing him from summoning his Memories, while the shackles were draining his essence, making it difficult to unleash his Aspect.

Needless to say, his expression was grim, and his eyes were full of tension.

The room was largely dark, with only half of it flooded by the light of luminous Memories. In front of the runic circle, another chair stood — that one was still empty, hinting that whoever had kidnapped him was not planning to get rid of the prisoner just yet, at least.

He shifted uncomfortably, then looked at the heavy metal door.

“Is... is anybody there? I am not sure if you're listening, but you should know that I am a soldier of the Eastern Flame Legion. My disappearance won't go unnoticed."

His warning was met with silence.

Then, however, a chilling voice resounded from the darkness:

“Ah, yes... somebody is indeed there. Although I doubt you'll be happy to face them, Awakened Yutra."

The man flinched, looking around the room wildly. He was willing to swear that there had been nobody else inside, so where was the voice coming from?

Before he could say anything else, however, the door opened, and two women walked inside.

Yutra froze, his eyes widening, an expression of stunned awe taking over his face. He literally forgot how to breathe, his gaze glued to the taller of the two women. His heart seemed to be on the verge of exploding...

It was not every day that one met a goddess, after all.

In front of him, a woman who was like a dreamlike vision of celestial radiance gracefully sat on the empty chair. Her silky skin was the color of ivory and flawlessly smooth, her silver hair glistening in the dim light like a waterfall of pure sunlight. Her striking gray eyes were like two placid lakes, making him feel like he was drowning in their alluring, unfathomable depths. Suddenly, Yutra sensed a sweet pain permeating his chest. He suddenly felt like a naive youth again, full of dreams and desires that were yet to be dulled by the cruel collisions with the harshness of the world. It was as if every wish and desire he harbored was ignited with an ardent fervor, making him yearn for the things he had long given up on with an almost overpowering intensity.

His voice trembled.

“L—lady Nephis?"

He knew who she was, of course. There was not a single person in the world who did not know Nephis of the Immortal Flame clan, the guiding star of humanity. He had known what she looked like, as well, having seen her on countless recordings.

But no recording could relay the sublime radiance and divine presence of a living Supreme.

His shock was so great that he almost failed to register the presence of the second woman, even if hers was a beauty so delicate and beautiful that no words could describe her loveliness. She was Lady Cassia, Song of the Fallen — a renowned Saint who had been serving Changing Star from before they Awakened.

Suddenly, Yutra was painfully aware of his outward appearance. The goddess of humanity looked so pure and wondrous, even sitting in this dirty alloy cell... he, meanwhile, had been kidnapped from his sleeping pod in the military barracks during a long and arduous military campaign. Even if the grime of the battlefield did not cling to his material body, he was still not in a presentable state.

He coughed, embarrassed, then forced himself to look at Changing Star without being blinded by her marvelous appearance. She studied him calmly for a few long, surreal moments, then said in a voice that made his heart flutter like a trapped bird: “Awakened Yutra, I presume? I wish we could have met in different circumstances.’ “Yes. Oh? I mean... yes."

It was only then that Yutra remembered that he was imprisoned in a peculiar cell after being kidnapped. A deeply confused expression appeared on his face.

"I beg your forgiveness, Lady Nephis. But why are you here?"

For a moment, he entertained the idea that the goddess of humanity was here to rescue him personally.

‘Could such a miracle be possible?’

Yutra hesitated for a moment, then asked in a quiet tone:

“No, rather. Why am I here?"

***

"Why am I here?"

Sunny felt glad that he was hidden in the shadows, having become one instead of maintaining the shape of a human. That was because if anyone could see him right now, they would have seen an expression of complete bafflement on his face.

‘What the hell?"

Of all the reactions he had expected the thrall of Asterion to show, this one was definitely not one of them.

The man seemed... positively smitten.

He looked like a devoted believer who had opened his eyes one day only to see his goddess and her high priestess right in front of him.

Such a reaction, of course, was only natural for most people of the Human Domain — even if one disregarded the inherent presence of Supremes and Transcendents, Nephis and Cassie were widely renowned. Their celebrity was without a rival, so it was only expected that ordinary people would be starstruck when meeting them. Awakened Yutra, however, was not an ordinary man.

He was an agent of Asterion, and therefore, both Nephis and Cassie were his enemies. Either the man was one of the best actors in the world, or he was not aware that his master and the Immortal Flame clan were at odds... which would be strange, considering that no war could be won without letting the soldiers know who the enemy was. Nephis remained silent for a while, then asked in a calm tone:

“Awakened Yutra, are you truly unaware of why you are here?"

The man looked at her for a while, then shyly cleared his throat.

“No, my lady. I truly have no idea.’

Cassie, who was standing behind Neph's shoulder, did not move. Her expression did not change, either — however, her voice resounded in Sunny's mind, sounding a little wary:

[He is telling the truth.]

Cassie, of course, was the mental link that connected them to Kai, who was standing outside the cell and listening in on the interrogation.

For a moment, Sunny was unsure of himself.

Did they... really get the wrong guy? However, in the next moment, Nephis dispelled his doubts, crossing her legs as she pierced their prisoner with a cold look. "That is strange. Because I can sense a woefully potent desire within you."

Even if the man was not a part of her Domain anymore, she could still feel his longing now that they were face-to-face. The corners of her mouth rose slightly. “The desire to serve someone other than me. To follow the will of the Dreamspawn." Having been accused of betraying the Human Domain, Yutra — the same man who had been starstruck and smitten by the appearance of Changing Star and Song of the Fallen — gave them an earnest, delighted smile.

His voice betrayed a deep sense of excitement:

“Ah, Lord Asterion! Yes, my lady, of course. Serving him well is my most ardent wish!"