Chapter 2741 Recruitment Speech

Chapter 2741 Recruitment Speech

Sunny remained motionless for a few seconds, glancing around Lightslayer's messy lair, then gave her a nonchalant smile and made a move to sit gracefully in a soft-looking armchair.

Noticing a small pile of unidentifiable wrappers occupying its seat, however, he lingered for a bit.

Eventually, he let out a sigh and summoned his own chair to sit down.

Revel gave the Shadow Chair a long look, then mumbled something under her nose and continued to glare at him.

“What do you want?"

Sunny shrugged with a smile.

“As I said, I need your help with something”

He remained silent for a short while, then added in a neutral tone:

"Imagine that there is an enemy whose name you cannot say. Every soldier you send to fight the adversary becomes one of their own. The enemy can be neither reasoned with nor killed; in order to defeat them, you must forget that they exist first. How would you destroy such an adversary?"

Revel stared at him for a while, then grimaced and went to sit on her bed.

"So, the Dreamspawn is back and giving you trouble."

Revel's tone regained the cold, threatening arrogance Sunny was used to. Needless to say, it was in dire contradiction to the way she looked.

His smile widened a little.

"See, this is why I knew that dealing with a former princess of the Song Domain — the first of them to become a Saint, no less — would be a pleasure. You already know so much."

She studied him with a dark expression, then shrugged.

“There is only one creepy Supreme whose name I was taught never to mention. Plus, Song of the Fallen recently visited to ask Seishan a few unexpected questions. It would be difficult not to know what you are talking about."

Sunny nodded in understanding.

“Still, can I ask something?"

Revel simply scowled, which prompted Sunny to give her a contemplative look. "...How does one accidentally seduce someone? And what about that duke, has he no standards?"

Revel's chilling glare instantly returned.

"Shut up!"

Sunny laughed.

Well... he understood, somewhat. Revel's Flaw prevented her from walking under the sun, and there was no electricity or network in Ravenheart. It was no surprise that she had turned a bit reclusive, passing time by engaging in the few shapes of entertainment a Saint could have easy access to in the Dream Realm.

Still, would it kill her to at least clean up after herself?

He grinned.

"In any case, yes. It has not even been two years since the Domain War ended, and now, we are facing the possibility of a new one. You play quite an important role in the military endeavors of the Longing Domain... however, at the moment, I need you more. I need someone both powerful and capable to lead the clandestine operations of my clan."

Revel smiled darkly.

“No, thanks. I am doing quite well for myself right here."

Sunny glanced around with a dubious expression.

“I wouldn't say that living in your mom's basement after... what are you, pushing forty?... constitutes as doing well, but what do I know? I do admit that this has been your home for a long while. But we all have to leave the nest one day."

Revel smiled coldly, then said in a perilous tone:

“Keep talking, Lord of Shadows."

Sunny coughed.

“What I meant to say was — don't refuse me before you hear what I'm offering.”

Her smile disappeared like a winter mirage.

“And what would that be?"

He leaned back, crossing his arms in a relaxed manner.

“Well, first of all, I am offering you the title and position of an elder in the Shadow Clan. The elder, really, since there are no other people of your caliber in my Domain. The power and authority that come with that title are no joke, so consider it carefully. Oh, and there's also a lot of important work to do. So, you'll probably never be bored again."

He raised a hand and extended two fingers. “Secondly, there are various benefits to becoming my subject. Money, luxurious accommodations... a cool tattoo. You will gain the Mark of Shadows, and all the powers that come with it. Granted, they won't be that impactful in your case, both due to your power and the nature of your Aspect."

Sunny extended a third finger.

“And lastly... I rule an entire region of the Dream Realm where there is no sun. It's a land of everlasting darkness, where your Flaw would not be able to catch up to you. You can roam the Forgotten Shore freely instead of staying in this cold basement. Doesn't that sound fun?"

Revel stared at him incredulously for a few long seconds.

Then, she said in an even tone:

"I like my basement, though."

Sunny cleared his throat.

"Oh. Well, in that case, a better basement can be arranged. There's a lot of prime real estate in my city, you know! There's a stunning historic cathedral, a demonic castle, countless unoccupied mansions... hell, there's even an entire system of catacombs, if that's more your style."

He remained silent for a bit, then added in a more serious tone:

“The Shadow Clan is a modest force now. But in due time, it will grow to become the secret weapon of the Human Domain — a pillar that supports it from the darkness. I won't always be there personally to rule it, either. So, I need someone to lead it while I am away."

Sunny smiled.

“l already have someone handling the administrative side of running the secretive arm of the Human Domain. However, I need someone to take charge in the field, as well — a champion to lead my followers on the battlefield.”

He paused, the smile draining from his face. “And I need that person now. Because the situation is possibly going to turn quite dire soon... when that happens, nobody will be safe. Not you, not your sisters, and not even me."

Leaning forward a little, he looked at her silently.

"So, what do you say, Lightslayer? Are you going to work with me? I hope you do, because... you know, there's a lot of work to be done. Even with seven bodies, one of me is not enough.’

Revel stared at him for a while.

Eventually, she sighed and hugged her book.

"Actually, you had me at 'various benefits and a cool tattoo’..."