Chapter 2755 Honeyed Words

Chapter 2755 Honeyed Words

"Remove your hands unless you want to lose them. I might not be able to kill you, parasite, but I can make you wish that you were dead."

Neph's voice was even and quiet, so no one except her and Asterion could hear it... well, and Sunny, of course, who was hiding in her shadow. It was so emotionless as to sound inhuman, but the cold threat contained within it was only more palpable as aresult.

Asterion broke his embrace and took a step back. When he spoke again, his words did not resonate across the lake, leaving the people watching them with rapt attention from afar none the wiser as to what was being said.

"How time flies. You really are all grown up, sweet Nephis."

He gave her an evaluating look.

"I've endured plenty of pain, you know. What makes you think that you'll be able to hurt me more than any of the countless ghastly beings that I've met?"

She pierced him with an impassive look.

"Have you ever met a being who could reduce you to a shrieking pile of charred flesh, then heal you, then burn you to ash all over again? Until you lose even the ability to curse the day you became immortal and forget how to beg for mercy" Asterion regarded her silently for a few moments, then glanced away with a faint smile.

"Ah. Still so sweet, I see."

Ignoring his nonchalant tone, Nephis allowed her brow to crease slightly and asked in a cold tone:

"What do you want?"

He gave her an amused glance.

"Are you really not going to invite me inside? I don't mind, really. If anything, talking in front of all these people works better for me."

Nephis inhaled deeply, then turned and invited him into the Ivory Tower with a gesture. Asterion walked past her and headed for the great pagoda, looking around the island.

In the distance, the people exploded with another wave of cheers. The Dreamspawn, meanwhile, studied the bones of Dragon Sevirax, the Ivory Lord, with curiosity. Choosing not to say anything, he passed through the dragon's maw and entered the Ivory Tower.

The Fire Keepers stationed on the island had left, taking the Chain Breaker with them, so it was just the three of them inside the great pagoda at the moment. As soon as they were hidden from the gazes of the crowd, Sunny rose silently from the shadows and regarded the Dreamspawn with murder in his eyes.

Asterion met his gaze calmly.

"The Lord of Shadows... Sunless, was it? This is our first proper meeting, I think. My name is Asterion. Ah, but you already knew that."

It took all of Sunny's composure not to move. One of his incarnations was carrying Cassie across the realm boundary at that moment, his clothes soaked with her blood — so, he was in the mood to mangle and maim, not hold polite conversations.

Still, he held himself back.

Asterion looked around the great hall of the Ivory Tower, his gaze lingering on the chains forming the Gateway ring on the floor. Eventually, he let out a wistful sigh.

"You've achieved so much, Nephis."

He gave her a look that seemed almost... proud.

"No, truly. You gave me quite a start. I did expect you to make your parents proud, but I never imagined that you would attain Supremacy and conquer the world. You brought down two Supremes..."

Asterion looked at Sunny.

"And seduced the third. How very devious of you. Well done."

Nephis gritted her teeth.

"I will repeat myself. What do you want?" He looked at her with a surprised expression.

"Didn't I say? I want to help."

At that point, Sunny could not help but scoff.

"Please. Don't make me laugh."

Asterion sighed and strolled around the Gateway, studying the magnificent interior of the brightly illuminated hall.

"I felt it already, but the two of you seem to harbor a deep animosity toward me. I've never done anything to deserve such hostility, so I truly cannot help but be perplexed. Why do you treat me as an enemy?"

White flames ignited in the depths of Neph's eyes.

"You dare ask? I could not help but notice how you dared to utter the name of my father with that dirty mouth of yours, as well. My father, whom you killed."

Asterion stopped and turned to face her, a concerned expression settling on his handsome face.

He let out a sigh.

"Indeed, I did. However, you should know by now why Broken Sword had to be killed. Do you think that I felt joy while watching my closest friend die? On the contrary, it felt as if my own heart was being pierced. But it had to be done, and so, we did it. To prevent the Forgotten God from awakening!"

Nephis looked at him with scathing hatred. Sunny smiled darkly.

"Oh... I see. You were the good guy all along. Why were Anvil and Ki Song terrified of you, then? Why did they trap you on the Moon?"

Asterion gave him a confused glance. Eventually, he said as if explaining something self-evident:

"Isn't it only natural for villains to fear a good man? I don't see a reason why I, the victim of their treachery, should be condemned for it. Not to mention that Nephis is only alive because I prevented them from coming after her in full force. Who knows? That might have been why they turned against me, in the end."

Nephis chuckled.

"How admirable. A good man, though? How shameless are you? Would a good man put a mind hex on numerous people, turning them into obedient thralls?"

Asterion smiled wryly.

"And after turning them into obedient thralls, I commanded them to do... what, exactly? Continue with their lives as if nothing was the matter, doing their best to contribute to society? How dreadful. I must truly be a monster."

He shook his head.

"Let us be honest, Nephis. Those people might have fallen under my power, but I've never done anything to abuse that power or harm them. If anything, you two are the ones doing them harm. And besides..."

He looked at her with a faint smile.

"Haven't you done exactly the same? Haven't you lied, manipulated people, and twisted the truth to win their loyalty? From the Forgotten Shore to Godgrave, you did everything you could to enthrall and subjugate those around you — that was how you conquered humanity. Ah, but don't get me wrong. I am not judging you. If anything, I am impressed... it was beautifully done, really. And from such a weak position, no less!"

Asterion raised his hands and clapped a few times, seemingly enjoying himself.

"Can you rightfully admonish me, though?" His pleasant voice sounded a little reproachful.