Chapter 2756 Most Insidious of Foes

Chapter 2756 Most Insidious of Foes

Sunny stared at Asterion, not knowing how to react.

Was he mocking them?

Nephis, meanwhile, frowned deeply.

"That is not the same."

Asterion chuckled.

"Why? Because I use my Aspect, while you used underhanded schemes and the propaganda machine of the government? I am sorry, but I will have to disagree. To an ordinary person, those two are equally impossible to overcome. The soft power you wield is in no way inferior to the mystical powers I command. It can even make people die for you — and countless did die... with a happy smile on their faces. Ah, how eerie."

Sunny had had enough of this unabashed nonsense. Taking a step forward, he spat through gritted teeth:

"What kind of crap are you trying to pull? Do you think that spouting lies in a confident tone magically makes them true? You've never done anything to abuse your power or cause your thralls harm? Please! Your thralls are staging a suicidal attempt to escape their prison. At the same time, Ravenheart is at risk of being drowned in lava. At the same time, Nightmare Creatures are storming Rivergate! All of it is your doing!"

Asterion blinked a few times, looking at him with a confused expression.

"You kidnapped all those people and put them into a harrowing prison. naturally, they would want to escape... they don't need me to manipulate them into trying to regain their freedom. People value freedom above all else, after all. As for erupting volcanoes and attacking Nightmare Creatures, it feels like you're just looking for random things to blame on me now. What do I'have to do with these unfortunate events?"

Sunny felt like he was going insane. Asterion was clearly lying — they knew that he was lying, and he knew that they knew that he was lying... and yet, he continued to lie with a sincere expression and an utter lack of shame.

"You... you caused these unfortunate events, bastard."

Asterion simply gave him a look of incomprehension.

Nephis let out a heavy sigh.

"I guess you did not attack Cassie, either?" He turned to her and studied her expression intently for a few moments.

Then, Asterion shook his head.

"No... I did attack your friend, Song of the Fallen. I had to."

His golden eyes seemed to lose their mesmerizing gleam, turning a shade darker. "I had to take her power away... in order to protect you. After all, I am here to help." Sunny suddenly felt tired.

"What the hell are you talking about, you lunatic?"

Asterion remained silent for a while, studying them quietly.

In the end, he inhaled deeply and sighed. "The two of you seem dreadfully wary of my Aspect. Well, it's only fair — commendable, even. Those who are capable of manipulating the mind are the most insidious of foes, after all. I have faced persecution because of the nature of my powers my entire life."

He turned away with a somber expression and looked at the chains that had once bound Hope.

"And yet, you are strangely trusting of your supposed friend, Song of the Fallen, who possesses the power to manipulate and alter memories. You do not seem to ever ask yourselves if that power had been turned against you... which is a bit strange, don't you think? For two people as cautious as you."

Taking a step forward, he shook his head again.

"It is not just strange, it is outright startling — if we consider the fact that Nephis and all those who entered the Third Nightmare with Song of the Fallen are suffering from unexplainable gaps in their memories, with entire swathes of their lives missing... as if intentionally erased."

He turned and looked at Nephis.

"Those gaps in your memory... they start from your days on the Forgotten Shore, don't they? From the time you met the woman named Cassia for the first time." As Nephis stared at him with a concerned expression, he sighed.

"So how is that you never questioned a woman who can erase and alter memories despite missing countless memories of your own? How is it that you allowed her to become your closest aid and confidant without ever questioning her loyalty? Is it because you trust her implicitly... or is it because your real memories of her were replaced with memories of her earning your implicit trust?"

Asterion smiled wistfully.

"How countless of your memories do you think might have been falsified by her? Song of the Fallen's power is too insidious. It's too dangerous. That is why I had to take that power away."

Sunny stared at him with wide eyes.

'Hell.'

The bastard was the one who was too dangerous and insidious.

The lies he wove were a little too convincing. If Sunny was not the cause of Neph's missing memories while retaining the knowledge of what had happened himself, even he would have been tempted to believe what Asterion was saying — and grow suspicious of Cassie... even if only for a moment.

Nephis, however, did not remember the truth. So, she had no weapon to cut the net of lies.

She stared at Asterion expressionlessly for a while.

Eventually, though, she asked in a low tone: "Is this fun for you?"

As the air in the great hall suddenly grew hot, the promise of an incinerating white abyss ignited in her eyes.

"Was I supposed to believe these pathetic lies?"

Asterion looked at her with an expression of sincere surprise, as if stumped by her unjust accusation.

Then, however, his expression cracked, revealing a delighted grin.

He laughed quietly.

"Ah... perhaps? I thought they were quite entertaining. Admit it — you almost believed me, for a second."

His expression turned cold.

"That little oracle of yours was proving to be troublesome, so I had to take her eyes. Ah, but I only managed to take one. What a pity... but do not worry"

He flashed her a smile.

"I'll rip out her other eye sooner or later."