Chapter 2780 Nameless Feeling

Chapter 2780 Nameless Feeling

Effie's expression was dark.

Sunny and Nephis looked confident, but that was simply because they had no other choice. There was no one above them, and nowhere they could retreat. So, they approached all conflicts with a business-like callousness — no matter how thorny the path, they simply marched forward while enduring the thorns. Granted, one of them marched with expressionless poise, while the other spewed indignant curses at every step and endlessly engaged in eccentric antics.

But Effie and the other members of the cohort were different. They had no choice but to forge forward, either, but at least the full weight of responsibility for the future of humanity did not rest squarely on their shoulders. So, they could allow themselves to feel doubt from time to time.

Effie was full of doubt at the moment.

She grimaced.

“That man is unlike any other threat we've faced"

Her husband remained silent for a long while, then sighed and stood up to clean the table.

"If you feel overwhelmed, just leave it to me. I'll give him a stern talking-to"

He was trying to lighten the mood with a joke, but Effie could sense that he was angry. She looked at him in surprise.

"You seem to dislike that guy a lot. But I haven't even told you half of the stuff that's wrong with him."

Her husband gave her an uncharacteristically concerned look.

It was not like they never quarreled or had never argued, but generally, their married life was warm and harmonious. So, she had rarely seen him wearing that expression. He smiled bitterly.

“That man has threatened my son and is making my wife anxious. On top of that, I have to listen to our neighbors singing his praise every day. Is there a reason I should like him?"

Effie hid her surprise and shook her head. "No, naturally not."

She lingered for a few moments, and then said:

“Anyway, don't talk to the neighbors too much. In fact, try to stay inside as much as possible. Think about it as quarantine — any interaction with the outside world should be minimized. As far as our farm is concerned, try to conduct as much business as possible through intermediaries."

He leaned back, frowning.

"We've just collected the harvest, and many places are expecting deliveries. These things operate on personal connections... plus, you know how involved I am with the agriculture department of the city government. I can't just lock myself inside." Effie sighed.

"Il know, I know"

She suddenly felt... defeated.

Even if she could isolate her family, there was no point, because her husband already knew the name of Asterion — he had learned it before the damn bastard even came to Bastion, having heard it on the street from a random passerby. So, he was already infected.

So was Effie herself, for that matter.

She, at least, had the benefit of being one of Neph's oldest friends. Her husband, however, had no personal connection to the Longing Domain. He was only a part of it due to having a positive impression of Nephis through Effie and being anchored to the Gateway in the Castle.

There was Ling, as well...

Due to how small his circle of

acquaintances was, he wasn't infected yet. But it was only a matter of time.

‘Should I just hide him in the Black Beast Locket?'

It was an exciting thought, since it promised her son a more reliable measure of safety... but no, she couldn't. Sending her son to solitary confinement for an unknown period of time, and during the most important stage of his development, no less, did not sound promising at all.

Effie clenched her fists.

If their family, which consisted of an Awakened and two Saints, was this vulnerable in the looming conflict, then how helpless all the other families were?

‘Ah, my head hurts’

Her heart ached, too.

She missed the good old times when the worst enemy they faced were just big, disgusting abominations.

Not their own Corrupted selves. Not callous humans who had lost themselves to the allure of power and the burden of their Flaws. Not unhinged Supremes who were ideas as opposed to beings of flesh and bone, and therefore could not be destroyed.

‘What is going to happen to my family? What is going to happen to my city?"

Effie used to think that the Dream Realm was a dark kind of paradise... the only kind of paradise humanity deserved. After a while, it seemed like she had been right. But now, she was starting to suspect that humans did not deserve even this kind of terrifying heaven. Otherwise, they would not be trying so hard to ruin it.

She looked down, then sighed and shook her head.

‘No... we'll overcome this hurdle, too.'

There would probably be a price to pay, but they were going to defeat the Dreamspawn. They were going to find a cure for the infection, destroy his Domain all over again, and seal the bastard in some dark, inescapable pit — after making him pay for what he had done to Cassie, of course. Effie forced herself to smile.

Her forced smile felt insincere for a while, but then slowly became earnest.

She looked at her husband.

"Aww. My husband is so manly. He puts the food on the table, runs a business, supports his wife, provides for the needy..."

He chuckled.

"Oh? I suppose you're the needy?"

Effie laughed.

“You know me so well.’

She winked at him.

"I wasn't finished, though! My husband is also good with his hands, a great cook, handsome as a Saint, a pillar of the community... and speaking of pillars, he also..."

He pushed a piece of fruit into her mouth. Savoring the sweetness, she winked at him. Her husband scoffed.

“Anyway. Are you going to stay until Ling is done with the lesson? Or do you have to go?"

Effie let out a wistful sigh.

"Sadly, I have to go. You know what is happening today — Nephis is going to address the top brass of the Human Domain. Most Saints will be in attendance, as well as representatives of various factions and minor powers. I have to participate, as well, so it's off to NQSC for me."

He nodded.

“Have fun. I'll hold down the fort."

Effie opened her mouth, wanting to say something, but nothing came to mind.

In the end, she simply pushed her chair back and stood up.

"I'll be going, then."

He waved.

“Good luck. Love you."

She lingered for a moment, then smiled.

“I love you too."

A few minutes later, she returned to NQSC.