Chapter 2786 Will of a Tyrant

Chapter 2786 Will of a Tyrant

Hidden in the shadows beyond the hall, Sunny studied the reactions of the people gathered inside. He was concerned that they would be rattled by Asterion's question, but his worries turned out to be unfounded.

If anything, the champions of the Human Domain seemed confused. Some of them were even offended, looking at the Dreamspawn with dark expressions... the rest — those who had known him and suffered at his hands in the past — regarded him with cold hostility.

Nightwalker was simply staring at the man who had condemned him to the endless torment of the Eternal City silently, a murderous kind of calmness churning in his bright silver eyes.

...But, nonetheless, the question had been asked. And even if the people gathered in the Immortal Flame manor disagreed with its implication, the seed of doubt had already been planted into their minds.

How had Changing Star come to rule the world?

She had inherited the heroic mantle of her storied family, true. She earned fame and renown with astonishing feats of her own, as well. Before the war, she was the only one who dared to voice her opposition to the militant stance of the Sovereigns. During the war, she once again defied them by changing the course of the battle at Godheart and sparing countless soldiers from gruesome deaths.

And finally, she rose in rebellion against the Sovereigns and vanquished them by rising to the throne Supremacy herself, thus ending the war.

In the years since, she pushed humanity forward and guided it faithfully toward salvation, her fiery blade and her healing flames saving countless lives. Her reputation was stellar, and the story of her brilliant life was awe-inspiring.

She was like a living goddess, igniting the hearts of mankind with hope and desire to live, struggle, and strive.

But...

There was also no denying the fact that, in large part, she had become the ruler of humanity simply by virtue of being the only one left standing at the end of the war. There were no Supremes left to claim the throne, except for Changing Star... she had killed them all.

Or rather, there had not been.

There was the King of Nothing now. There was the Dreamspawn, as well.

So wouldn't it only be reasonable to ask if one of them was more suited for the crown? Sunny could feel that, even if most champions of the Human Domain found the notion preposterous and distasteful, some did look at Nephis as if seeing her in a new light.

‘Damn it.'

He studied them with a dark expression, wondering how she would react. Asterion seemed to be targeting her credibility, but what he was truly after was harming her image... harming that idea of Changing Star that existed in the minds of her subjects. So, if her answer was overly defensive or too aggressive, too callous or not firm enough — anything but flawless — he would succeed in dealing her a blow.

And Sunny could easily imagine Neph giving a heated answer from beneath her usual mask of calm poise, thus helping Asterion achieve just that. After all, she could be quite arrogant at times. She cared little about weakness, expecting everyone to be as strong and wilful as she was — or rather, caring only for those who aspired to be. And indeed, Nephis regarded Asterion with a cold expression for a while, doing her best to hide her smoldering wrath.

Then, however, she did something that Sunny did not expect.

Instead of answering the Dreamspawn, she turned her head slightly and looked at someone sitting on the western side of the vast round table.

“Saint Nightingale. Would you be so kind?"

Kai, who had been there listening somberly, did not respond for a few moments.

Then, he smiled slowly.

"Naturally."

He regarded the champions of the Human Domain and said in a calm, clear voice:

“Every second word that man uttered was a lie. He's about as trustworthy as Nightmare Creature... well, now that I think about it, most Nightmare Creatures are not very deceitful. So my comparison does them a disservice."

A wave of subdued whispers spread among the gathered guests. Nightwalker, meanwhile, did not hold himself back and scoffed loudly.

Sunny could not help but smile.

‘Huh...’

If there was one person whose reputation was even more stellar than Changing Star's, it was Nightingale — Saint Kai, the Dragonslayer. There was literally no one who had anything bad to say about the man, despite the fact that he had conquered Ravenheart and ensured the fall of the Great Clan Song. That was because, amazingly enough, he had managed to achieve that breathtaking feat without spilling a single drop of blood.

Not only was he universally admired and beloved, but he also enjoyed the immense trust of both his peers and the general population. He did not make a secret out of his Flaw, after all, so everyone knew that Nightingale could tell lies from the truth. So, by calling upon him, Nephis both drew everyone's attention away from Asterion's question and dealt a grievous wound to his credibility — with a single sentence, no less. Instead of searching for a way to deflect the attack, she simply ignored it completely and delivered one of her own.

It was honestly beautifully done.

Sunny felt proud.

In the great hall, the wary and confused looks aimed at Asterion were quickly turning hostile. Subjected to that hostility... He laughed.

"Oh, my. It seems that I've been caught red-handed. How embarrassing... well then, fine. I'll admit that I wasn't entirely forthcoming."

Looking around the hall with a humorous smile, he shrugged.

"I can see how you would not trust anything I say henceforth... which would be troublesome, to be entirely honest. How about this, then? From now on, I solemnly swear to speak the truth, only the truth, and nothing but the truth. Esteemed Saint Nightingale can be my witness."

He looked at Kai, as if challenging him to claim that this promise was untrue, as well. Kai frowned, but remained silent.

Hidden in the shadows, Sunny frowned. He did not miss that Asterion replaced "the whole truth" with “only the truth”... which was a subtle, but important distinction. As someone who often spoke in half-truths and lied by omission, Sunny knew better than most how important it was.

Asterion's smile, meanwhile, widened for a moment before becoming dim. He sighed. “There are so many distinguished warriors and true leaders in this room. The great pillars of the First and Second Generations, those who built the world we live in with their own blood, sweat, and tears. Seasoned veterans of the Nightmare Spell who carry the immense weight of their vast experience with dignity and poise. How is it, then, that an inexperienced girl from the Third Generation is allowed to decide the fate of humanity unilaterally, without heeding anyone's wisdom or advice?"

He shook his head with a hint of dejection.

"The answer, of course, is simple. It is because she is Supreme, and you are not. She rules simply because she is stronger — because no one can oppose her will. However, a person whose authority is founded only in strength is not a ruler."

Asterion frowned, then said in a grave tone:

"Such person... is nothing but a tyrant.’

As his words echoed in the vast hall, he looked around and asked:

"You seem to regard Changing Star as some kind of savior, but have you all forgotten that her True Name has a different meaning as well? The Ruinous Star, the Star of Misfortune..."

As his eyes hardened, Asterion gazed directly at Nephis.

"...The Star of Ruin.’