Chapter 2799 Thoughtborne

Chapter 2799 Thoughtborne

Cassie was dazed by the chaotic current of memories she was absorbing. In one memory, Rain was preparing to embark on a journey to Ascension — in the next, she was trying to escape the Ivory Island as it was being besieged by the thralls of the Hunger Domain.

Sunny and Nephis were absent, gone to fight some unknown battle. The Fire Keepers — those most loyal to Changing Star among all of mankind — had fallen to the plague of Asterion, proving that the Longing Domain was all but extinguished. It did not make any sense. Why had they allowed things to become so dire? Even if the Dreamspawn held humanity hostage, there should have been a point where the price of inaction had grown heavier than the cost of engaging him in a direct battle. And yet, he had been allowed to continue spreading his abominable influence until even the Tower of Longing was lost.

The answers lay in Rain's memories, but those memories were gone, erased by Cassie herself. So, she had to abandon that direction and focus on a new one.

In the beginning, when she had yet to remember who she was, her actions were nothing but instinct. But now that Cassie had collected more pieces of herself, solving her own being like a puzzle, she gained more control over her Will. So, the speed at which she absorbed the memories vastly accelerated, and she could discern their nature more easily.

The tendrils of her Will shot through the ocean of memories, catching dozens of small shards that glistened weakly in the darkness. She was searching only for the memories of what had happened after the council of the champions of the Human Domain and the siege of the Ivory Tower. The memories of the plague...

The smaller shards flashed through her mind, becoming a part of her instantly.

In one scene, Chief Bethany was spending a peaceful evening with Quentin, her romantic partner and a hidden blade of the Shadow Clan.

His expression was somber.

"Have you heard about what happened in the Glass Hell, Beth? The rumors are most likely exaggerated, but even if some of it is true... damn it. These days, it really feels like the world has gone mad."

Beth, who was sitting on the sofa and reading a book, her feet resting on his lap, looked at him with a wry smile.

“These days? The world has never not been mad, don't you think?"

She turned a page and shrugged.

“The Glass Hell... the Glass Hell. I've heard about it. I wonder how much solar energy can be collected from that glass plain. Nobody is mad enough to build a solar farm in Godgrave, but the Glass Hell? That can be done, I think..."

Quentin looked at her in confusion and frowned.

“Hey, I know how you love to lose yourself in academic ponderings. But this is a little inappropriate, don't you think? So many people have already died, and if the rumors are true, many more will die soon. Aren't you concerned?"

Beth looked at him and sighed.

Leaning forward to pat his shoulder, she said in a reassuring tone:

“Don't worry. It will all be resolved soon — there's no reason to be concerned, really." He raised an eyebrow.

“There isn't? Why do you think that?"

Beth looked at him and smiled.

Her tone was chipper.

"Because of Lord Asterion, of course. Hasn't he promised to help? I am sure he'll sort things out."

Quentin froze.

His expression did not betray any emotions, but his eyes trembled a little.

“W—what... what did you say?"

Beth blinked a couple of times.

“I said that Lord Asterion will deal with it. I mean, he's a Supreme, right? And he's much older and more experienced than the other two. So, he'll help."

Quentin remained silent for a while, frowning. Then, he asked in a neutral tone: “Didn't you get into a fight with Russel just a week ago because he was going around advocating for that man? You even put him on probation for disrupting morale."

Beth tilted her head, surprised.

Something odd glistened in her eyes, as if a golden spark ignited in their depths.

Then, she laughed.

“Oh, did I really? Well, I must have been in a mood. I'll have to apologize to Russel..."

In another memory, Seishan was looking at Ravenheart from the slopes of a tall mountain, accompanied by two of her sisters.

Lonesome Howl was saying in a low tone: "...They even smell different. It is difficult to notice, but once you know the scent, you can't mistake it for anything. There were a few at first, then many. Now, the entire city reeks of hunger — I don't even know how many people are still free of the plague. Nightingale is worried about the wrong things.”

Moonveil, who was standing nearby, raised an eyebrow.

"What are you trying to say?"

Lonesome Howl gave her a somber look. "l am saying that while we are all running around panicked because of Mordret, what we should really be worrying about is being stabbed in the back."

Seishan exhaled slowly.

“I agree with Howl. I felt it, too... the blood flows differently now. Things are far worse than we anticipated. I don't know what Nephis is thinking, not burning the infection away."

Moonveil shrugged.

“She probably doesn't want to massacre half of the human population. Plus... is there really a need to dispose of the infected?" Both Seishan and Lonesome Howl gave her odd looks.

"What do you mean?"

Moonveil smiled faintly.

"The subjects of the Hunger Domain have not done anything remotely harmful yet. It doesn't seem like they are going to turn against humanity, either — the only thing they are guilty of is diminishing the power of Changing Star's Domain. Is that really a crime worthy of being punished by death?" Seishan frowned deeply.

"You were the first one to affirm your loyalty to Nephis. Why are you changing your tune now, all of a sudden?"

Moonveil met her gaze and tilted her head a little.

“Perhaps we were too hasty in dismissing him as an enemy."

Lonesome Howl scoffed.

“You must have lost your mind. Have you forgotten that his real goal is to devour us all?"

Moonveil stared at her silently for a while. Then, she frowned and brought her hand to her forehead in confusion.

"Right. How could... how did I forget?"

Her face was deathly pale all of a sudden, and she looked at her sisters with wide eyes.

"I... I can't be... I am still myself, right?"

Seishan and Lonesome Howl studied her with alarmed expressions.

They were worried about their sister...

But, at the same time, an even deeper anxiety was taking hold of them.

How would they themselves know that they were still who they used to be?