Chapter 2815 God out of the Machine

Chapter 2815 God out of the Machine

As soon as Kai whispered the Dreamspawn's name, there was a subtle shift to the world. That shift was not something that could be seen or sensed, and yet every living thing on the bloody shores of the Lake of Tears had felt it.

And somehow, all of them had the same thought when they did.

They thought about Asterion, the Dreamspawn, invoking his name in their minds.

And so, Asterion appeared among them.

As if he had always been there, walking by their side.

“You've gotten yourself into quite the trouble, haven't you?"

Kai flinched and reeled away when a pleasant voice suddenly resounded from behind him.

There, a tall man with golden eyes stood, untouched by the grime and chaos of the battle. His hands were folded behind his back, and a faint smile was playing on his lips.

Kai regained his balance and glanced at the Dreamspawn with a guarded expression. Asterion chuckled.

“Why are you acting so surprised, young man? Didn't you call me yourself?"

Shaking his head, he took a few steps forward and glanced at the Lake of Tears — or possibly at the Mirror Gate that had subsumed its surface.

"If anyone should be surprised, it's me. I did not expect you to conjure me voluntarily. After all, you should have a good idea of what the consequences of this decision will be."

Asterion gave Kai an amused smile, prompting him to grit his teeth.

Of course, he knew.

Despite how valiantly Kai and his warriors had fought, they were no match for the King of Nothing. Only a Supreme could contain another Supreme, and so, he had no choice but to call upon Asterion... if he wanted to save the settlers, at least.

Asterion had promised to help, after all. However, his help was a poisoned chalice. Kai was going to have to forfeit the lives of the fleeing civilians and watch more of his soldiers die during the retreat, but if Asterion appeared like a god out of the machine, that dreadful outcome did not need to happen.

The Dreamspawn could thwart Mordret and save everyone.

But by doing so, he would become a savior in the eyes of every soldier on this terrible battlefield. The news of his benevolence and valor would spread far and wide, sowing seeds of the plague in the hearts of those who were still stalwart in their loyalty to the Immortal Flame.

In fact, this news could very well become the last drop... it could deal a fatal attack to the Longing Domain, which was already wounded and nearly brought to its knees. Kai knew it all too well.

But what else could he do?

If Asterion triumphed today, there was still hope of defeating him tomorrow. But if Mordret won, the lives of countless people would be lost forever — just like the lives of all the people of Red Hill had been lost forever.

So, Kai had made a decision that left him with a bit of hope, at least. He chose to save as many people as he could today instead of sacrificing them for the sake of tomorrow. Even knowing that he could not have chosen differently, he was not at all sure that he had made the right choice.

But there was no turning back. The Dreamspawn was like an evil djinn — once he was out of the bottle, nothing could put him back into its prison.

Kai exhaled slowly.

"As if you were ever going to let this Citadel fall into Mordret's hands.”

In fact, Asterion could have appeared on this battlefield at any point. It was not like there were no thralls here who could call out his name.

So why had he even waited for Kai to do it?

“It's because the call of a Saint carries a special weight."

Kai glanced at the Dreamspawn, who was not even hiding the fact that he was reading Kai's thoughts.

It sounded reasonable. And yet...

"You're lying."

Kai knew that the Dreamspawn had a different reason.

Asterion remained silent for a moment, then chuckled.

"What a peculiar Flaw."

He studied Kai silently, then leaned forward and said with a pleasant smile:

"It's because I wanted to break you. You are one of Changing Star's most loyal companions, after all. So, I wanted you — and no one else — to call me."

He leaned back again, his smile widening. “And look. You aren't broken yet... but there is already a crack in your resolve."

Kai's expression turned dark.

All around them, the battle had come to a lull. The King of Nothing pulled back his forces, and the warriors of the Human Domain received a sudden respite. They leaned on their weapons, breathing heavily and looking at the sea of vessels with dark, smouldering wariness.

Many had already noticed Asterion, looking at him with shock and wonder. Sparks of timid hope ignited in their eyes, and they hurried to relay the news of a Supreme appearing to support them to their fellow soldiers.

Asterion sighed, turned away from Kai, and headed toward the lake.

As he did, he halted for a second and threw over his shoulder:

"I suggest you run.”

He continued on his way to the red waters of the Lake of Tears, paying no attention to Mordret's vessels that stood in his way. They parted in front of him, clearing a wide path to the shore.

"If you want to talk to me, boy, come face me. We haven't seen each other in so long... won't you come to greet your teacher properly, at least?"

Asterion was halfway to the lake when a new figure appeared on the shore, having stepped out of the Mirror Gate seconds earlier.

It was a man with pale skin, dark hair, and two strange, mirror-like eyes.

The King of Nothing and the Dreamspawn met on the shores of the Lake of Tears, surrounded by corpses and the stench of blood.

Asterion studied Mordret for a while, then sighed and shook his head.

“I told you to face me. Did you think I would not recognize one of your Reflections?"

Mordret grinned.

In the next moment, his figure changed, turning into a perfect copy of Asterion himself.

He chuckled, his golden eyes glowing in the sunlight, and offered the Dreamspawn a mocking bow.

“Why, did you expect me to come anywhere near you? Thanks, but no thanks. I prefer to be the only tenant in my own head."

Mordret looked Asterion over.

“Greetings, teacher. When did you get so old?"