Chapter 2820 Throne of Blood

Chapter 2820 Throne of Blood

Kai was strong enough to contend against Seishan. He wasn't alone in this fight, either.

Summer Knight stood just behind him, studying Seishan and her sisters impassively.

Ironically enough, out of all the people in Ravenheart, it was Sir Gilead who had turned out to be the most impervious to the plague of Asterion. The man's single-minded loyalty to the king whom he had sworn to serve was so uncompromising that he refused to submit to anyone else.

He had refused to accept Changing Star as his new Sovereign, and now, he was refusing to bow down to the Dreamspawn as well. There were a few others who were still holding out against the plague, too. Most of the city had already become enthralled, though... and Asterion wasn't satisfied simply letting the plague spread anymore. Instead, he wanted the Saints he had successfully subjugated to conquer the Citadels still belonging to the Longing Domain.

So, his thralls had been besieging the Jade Palace under Seishan's command for the last few days. Despite their great numerical advantage, the great bridge connecting the snowy mountain to the volcano was a natural bottleneck that prevented them from descending on the Citadel like a swarm.

Still, Kai would have long lost the battle... if not for the gargantuan steel colossus that had risen from the volcano like an infernal monument to hunger and sin when Seishan first led her troops to capture the Jade Palace,

The towering body of the colossus was entirely black, covered in numerous blades and spikes that protruded from it like a graveyard of shattered swords. The flames of hell burned in his terrifying eyes, and when he opened the incinerating furnace of his maw, unbearable heat washed over the surroundings, turning snow into flowing water.

He was the Supreme Devil whom the Lord of Shadow had left behind to defend Ravenheart.

With the help of this fiend, Kai had been able to repel Seishan's attacks, ending each battle in a draw.

The Devil was still with him, guarding the gates of the Jade Palace.

Seishan regarded it with a somber expression.

Silent Stalker did, as well, since she had fought it before — on the shores of the Vanishing Lake, during the war in Godgrave.

They were at a stalemate.

Seishan remained silent for a long while and then said evenly:

"Did you say that I would not be able to defeat you as long as you rule the Jade Palace, Kai?"

She smiled suddenly.

“I tend to disagree. However, if I continue this siege, the King of Nothing will easily make use of our disagreement. So, I'll just have to make you surrender the Jade Palace of your own free will."

Kai raised an eyebrow.

“And how exactly are you planning to do that?"

Seishan's exquisite smile widened slightly.

"By the grace of Lord Asterion, of course."

Kai studied her for a few moments, and then frowned.

"Sorry, but I don't think I'll be surrendering the Jade Palace to you, Seishan."

She chuckled.

"You did not think that you would call upon Lord Asterion in a moment of need either, did you?"

Summer Knight shifted uncomfortably.

“Don't listen to her, Nightingale. She is just trying to rattle you and get into your head"

Seishan took a step back and raised her hands in a graceful gesture.

“Behold the grace of our lord."

Her voice sounded reverent.

Responding to it, there was movement on the bridge.

The great bridge was so long and vast that several districts of the city had been built on its surface and on the platforms suspended from it, serving as home to most of the Awakened who lived in Ravenheart.

Now, numerous people flowed onto it, flooding it like a dark tide.

Kai tensed, wondering if Seishan was sending all her reserves into one gargantuan, reckless assault.

However, the people on the bridge did not join the battle. Many of them did not even look like warriors — in fact, they were mundane citizens, unremarkable and all but useless in a battle between Awakened.

“What are you..."

Instead of trying to attack the Jade Palace, they slowly spread along the edges of the great bridge, forming two columns that stretched from one of its ends to the other. And then, silently, they climbed to stand on the parapets.

Kai paled.

“What about now, Kai? Do you feel like surrendering yet?"

Seishan's pleasant, raspy voice made him shiver.

Not receiving an answer, she sighed.

"Be it your way.’

Kai flinched.

Summer Knight could not see, but he witnessed it in flawless detail. Far in the distance, the two people closest to the opposite end of the bridge silently took a step forward and plummeted into the bottomless chasm below.

Their silhouettes disappeared into the ash blizzard a few moments later, as if erased from existence.

That was what it looked like to everyone but Kai, who could easily see through the ash. Seishan looked at him with a smile.

“How about now?"

The next pair fell down.

"Not yet?"

Kai simply stood there, frozen.

"Stop."

Seishan sighed.

“I'm afraid I cannot stop."

Two more people plummeted to their deaths.

"Stop."

She looked at him with pity.

“Only you can stop this, Kai."

Two more.

And then, another two.

And then...

"Stop. Stop!"

Seishan laughed.

“They will only stop when you surrender. Are you still hesitating?"

Kai shuddered.

She let out a quiet sigh.

"Look. Your hesitation has already cost dozens of lives."

Seishan looked at him, the smile leaving her scarlet lips.

"How many more people must die because of your inaction?"

Kai simply stood there, frozen... just like the people whom he had commanded to halt were frozen in front of him, unable to move.

The steel colossus of the Lord of Shadows remained motionless, as well, awaiting Kai's command.

By his side, Summer Knight spared the Steward of the West a somber look, then gritted his teeth and lunged forward.

His sword was aimed at Seishan, but it never reached her.

Her sisters moved to intercept him, batting the sword away and raining attacks on his armor.

“You... wretched..."

Gilead would not be swayed by the plague... which made him incapable of becoming a subject for the Hunger Domain, and therefore useless to Asterion. So, the Song sisters did not hold back their killing intent. At the same time, he was not a part of the Longing Domain. So, Changing Star could not heal his wounds.

He should have been crushed under an avalanche of their attacks... but, somehow, Gilead broke through the barrier of steel created by the Song sisters and rushed toward Seishan.

His armor was broken and torn, but his body was only covered by minor lacerations. His sword was still sharp and steady. Seishan tilted her head, looking at him.

As Summer Knight took the next step, the minor wounds on his body began to bleed. A step more, and the trickles of blood that flowed from his wounds turned into streams.

Another step, and his bleeding turned gruesomely dire.

Summer Knight slowed down, swaying, then gritted his teeth and took the next step.

By the time he reached Seishan, he resembled a ghastly red statue. The remains of his polished armor were painted entirely red, and his face was like a glistening crimson mask.

“He said... stop..."

Despite Summer Knight's ghastly state, his low voice remained clear.

His sword trembled as it rose arduously, straining to reach Seishan's neck.

But in the end, it clattered to the ground. Seishan did not move, but Summer Knight swayed, then fell down and grew still, the crown of his head resting near her feet.

A puddle of blood spread around his body, soaking the hem of her dress.

And behind her, two more people stopped off the bridge into the ashen abyss.

Kai looked down, dazed.

"Gilead..."

There was...

There was so much blood.

...That day, Seishan of Clan Song became the master of the Jade Palace.