Chapter 3015 Never Quitting Super Cupid

Chapter 3015 Never Quitting Super Cupid

Sunny felt a little wistful, but as Gale — a tall man who exuded a more withdrawn and sophisticated kind of charisma than Kai's warm charm — began to play the piano, he gradually got distracted from his thoughts.

He had not known what to expect from the concert, but the actual sound surprised him. It seemed that Gale had matured since his days as a pop idol, both as a performer and as a composer. His last show on Earth was a way of saying farewell to the world that had nurtured him... and to the man he had been here, as well.

So, it walked a fine line between sweet nostalgia and melancholy, tugging on the audience's heartstrings. It was also emotional and hopeful.

Kai listened to the music with rapt attention. He was glancing at the audience from time to time, as well.

After a while, Sunny asked:

"Do you miss it? Singing?"

Kai smiled softly.

"I still sing. I just don't sing to an audience."

He looked at Sunny and added:

"Sometimes, I fly high into the sky at night and sing to my heart's content. Nobody can hear me, but I don't mind. In fact, I've grown to enjoy it a great deal."

Kai looked down, into the crowded hall of the venue.

"Back when I was an idol, I was constantly bombarded by everyone's opinions of me and of what I did. It was as if who I was depended on how people perceived me — so, I could not help but be obsessed with how I was perceived. It felt like there were a million people in my head, all talking over each other, and that left no space for my own voice to be heard. But when I am alone in the sky, with only the moon and the stars to hear me sing... nothing exists except for my own voice. So I am singing to myself, and in those moments, nobody dictates who I am but me."

Kai chuckled.

"But the past... goodness. I was never in danger, but everything felt so dire. Every performance, every interview, every fan meeting — it was like my life depended on doing well. I really wanted everyone to love me... and they did. But the more I was loved, the lonelier it felt. Because I felt that people loved a carefully crafted image of me, not the real thing. So, I always felt like there was an invisible wall between me and everyone else. I always felt... alienated."

He looked at Sunny and smiled.

"That was one of the reasons why I liked you so much when we met in the Dark City, actually! It was so refreshing to meet someone who had no idea who I was... and did not care to find out, either. When you found me in that well, I was just a Sleeper named Kai. So I felt less lonely in your company than when I was surrounded by crowds of adoring fans."

Sunny stared at him for a while, then looked away in embarrassment.

"Well, that... was a really long answer to a very simple question. 'No' would have sufficed, you know?"

Kai laughed, then covered his mouth, glanced toward the stage, and answered in a lower voice:

"I know."

Sunny smiled.

"Thanks for letting me know, though. I always thought that you liked me because you are a little touched in the head. Nice to know that there were other reasons, as well..."

They both fell silent after that, enjoying the music. Gale continued singing his new songs... but he performed a few fan favorites from the Night&Gale catalogue, as well.

Sunny's expression turned progressively more dubious.

Among the Night&Gale chart-shattering hits, there were such gems as...

My Heart is a Nightmare Gate (Because of You)

This Love Is an Abomination

Ring Ding Gong

Hey, Sleeper Girl

And...

NQSC

As Sunny sat in horrified silence, the vast crowd of people below sang along to the last one.

They knew all the words, as well!

..The crowd sang:

NQSC, NQSC!

Never Quitting Super Cupid!

Aiming for your icy heart

For your icy heart, oooh-oh

Never Quitting Super Cupid!

Lovaholic, lovaholic

He saturates your Love Core

With love essence

Never Quitting Super Cupid!

Is coming for you

He's coming for you

Oh yeah!

NQSC, NQSC!

Sunny threw a furtive glance at Kai and shuddered.

Kai was actually moving his lips with the widest smile on his face.

'Gods...'

This was what Nephis and everyone else were so crazy about?

'I think... I need to reevaluate my entire life.'

Sunny had also considered himself to be a little deranged.

But now, he was starting to seriously consider if he was actually flawlessly sane. It was the world, and every other human populating it, that was insane.

"Hey, Kai..."

Getting his friend's attention, Sunny hesitated for a moment and then asked in a grave tone:

"Your archery skill... you didn't develop it because of some weird Cupid concept, did you? Please tell me that you didn't."

Kai blinked a few times.

"Of course not. I was a member of the archery club in school — I enjoyed it because training made me feel calm."

Sunny let out a relieved sigh.

Kai was not done speaking, though.

"Oh, but I did do a Cupid-themed photoshoot for the release, though. You know — one loincloth, lots of oil. The poster sold out in three minutes, actually. The calendar did, too."

Sunny groaned and covered his face with a hand.

"I did not need that information, damn it. Who asked? I didn't. You just went and offered it on your own. What the hell, who does that..."

Kai laughed.

"Sunny, you just don't know how to appreciate music."

Sunny gave him an offended stare.

"I am a musician myself, you know? I am very accomplished at playing the flute."

Kai tilted his head a little.

"Didn't a swarm of abominations rise from the dead to stop you the last time you played the flute, though?"

Sunny glared at him for a while, then scoffed.

"Wasn't the last time. And that is an accomplishment, is it not? I said that I was accomplished... I never said that I was good..."