Chapter 3052 Out of Breath

Chapter 3052 Out of Breath

Effie felt the Will of the Mason King imbuing her with a stalwart tenacity. Immediately, her powers were augmented, and the debilitating oppression of Azarax's Aspect lessened, allowing her to breathe freely — not that she did, since she was still holding her breath.

She could feel the dread and the weight of his presence, but it was not unbearable now, at least.

That was the boon of the Mason King — the reason why Effie and her companions were able to face Azarax on the battlefield. While not being able to wield their own Will consciously, they were elevated through the Will of the old Supreme. In a sense, they were more than halfway to wielding Supreme power themselves.

It would have allowed them to overcome an ordinary Sovereign — if there was such a thing — but sadly, Azarax was anything but ordinary. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to conquer so many realms and destroy many other Domains.

Ignoring his taunts, Effie spent a moment to feel the fierce might permeating her body... the power that made her far stronger, faster, and more resilient than any other Saint. She also felt the unbreakable durability of her body — she was more durable than steel, and with the addition of her Supreme armor, there was hardly any attack that could threaten her life.

Hardly any... but not none.

Azarax was more than capable of breaking her bones and damaging her organs, so she couldn't fight him the same way she usually fought — leveraging her Awakened Ability to receive blows that would have killed others, and using that advantage to land deadly blows in opportune moments.

When facing Azarax, Effie had to be nimble and cautious, as elusive as a gust of wind. Now that her shield arm was useless, it was even more so, leaving her in a perilous bind. But that wasn't that big of an adjustment for her... in fact, it felt like home. After all, that was how she had survived the long years spent hunting Nightmare Creatures far more powerful than her on the Forgotten Shore — long before she had an Awakened Ability.

Her spear had longer reach than Azarax and his fists, as well, and while the King of Kings could freely command the Will, the Mason was dismantling that deadly disadvantage to a degree.

So, Effie was not about to give up.

Azarax lunged forward, moving so fast that she could barely perceive him — but in the end, thanks to her Dormant Ability, Effie not only did perceive him, but also managed to thrust her spear forward to deter his obliterating fist.

The two of them clashed in a ferocious dance of violence, the very ground beneath them fracturing and rippling like liquid. Azarax attacked, and Effie evaded — in this battle of theirs, he was the pursuer, while she was being pursued.

Effie was not a huntress today... she was prey.

That felt like home, too.

She smiled faintly, her smile barely visible in the opening of her crested helmet.

Azarax noticed her smile, it seemed, sending a devastating blow her way.

"Do you know why you are still alive, priestess?"

Effie used her spear to prevent him from getting close, but Azarax did not evade it this time — he simply allowed the tip of the spear to strike his fist. Instead of shredding his hand, though, the enchanted spearhead simply exploded into a rain of steel shards. She staggered back, regretting the fact that she could not bring her Divine spear into the Nightmare.

“Killing you would have been far too easy... but where is the fun in that? No, I don't want you to die, War Maiden. I don't even want to defeat you and make you my thrall — not at first, at least.”

Effie barely evaded another blow, feeling a powerful shockwave slam into her and make her lose balance. She transferred her shield from her broken arm to the healthy one, ready to use it as a weapon instead.

That way, she wouldn't have the advantage of reach anymore... but she would have to manage, somehow.

"To tell you the truth, priestess... I want to break you first. I want you to surrender to me of your own free will — to abandon that god of yours and accept me as your deity. I am Azarax the Mighty, the Plague of Steel! You should feel proud to be given the chance to submit to me. If you do... I promise to only slaughter all the royals, all the nobles, and all the adult men in this pitiful city. The women and the children can live on as slaves."

Effie gritted her teeth, holding back an answer. She was barely staying alive, frenetically deflecting Azarax's attacks. Her healthy arm was already groaning in pain, even if she had not blocked a single blow directly.

This couldn't continue much longer.

Just then, Azarax grabbed the rim of her shield and pulled, bringing the two of them closer.

Looking Effie in the eye, Azarax smiled.

“What, no answer? Why don't you say something, War Maiden?"

Instead of answering, Effie leaned forward... and blew at him.

It would have looked strange — comical, even — if nothing but air came from between her lips.

However, that was not what happened. Because when Effie exhaled, what escaped from her lungs was a billowing cloud of eerie, chilling fog.

The fog enveloped Azarax in an instant, and from its swirling depths, a muffled scream resounded.

The King of Kings staggered back, trying to escape the fog, but the fog followed — and in its depths, a graceful mist wraith took form, her ghostly eyes burning with ethereal blue flames.

Her war scythe lashed forward, piercing the chest of the King of Kings for the second time.

Effie spat pieces of ice and finally inhaled, feeling the cold mist caress her bruised face.

A dark grin slowly twisted her lips.

“That guy... really talks too much."

With that, she raised her shield and dashed forward, joining Jet in the fight against the Plague of Steel.